-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 WR8votzsQ5aBn++KrqK9CoF2812WCvMb71eDK1sQ194p3Syz+pwOOqO2DKmH47vS
 zfWcU7uua/D9gP+nPoyqxw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950130-01-500161.txt : 20010224
<SEC-HEADER>0000950130-01-500161.hdr.sgml : 20010224
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950130-01-500161
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		12
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20001130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20010216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000895421
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				363145972
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11758
		FILM NUMBER:		1549286

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1585 BROADWAY
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2127614000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1585 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		38TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DEAN WITTER DISCOVER & CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960315
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>dex31.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMEND & RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORP. OF MSDW
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                     EXHIBIT 3.1


               AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
                                      OF
                  MORGAN STANLEY, DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.

                                 MAY 31, 1997


                                   ARTICLE I

                                      NAME
                                      ----

  The name of the corporation (which is hereinafter referred to as the
"Corporation") is:

                  Morgan Stanley, Dean Witter, Discover & Co.


                                   ARTICLE II

                                    ADDRESS
                                    -------

  The address of the Corporation's registered office in the State of Delaware is
The Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street in the City of Wilmington,
County of New Castle.  The name of the Corporation's registered agent at such
address is The Corporation Trust Company.


                                  ARTICLE III

                                    PURPOSE
                                    -------

  The purpose of the Corporation shall be to engage in any  lawful act or
activity for which corporations may be organized and incorporated under the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.


                                   ARTICLE IV

                                 CAPITALIZATION
                                 --------------

  The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation shall have authority
to issue is one billion seven hundred eighty million (1,780,000,000), consisting
of thirty million (30,000,000) shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per
share (hereinafter referred to as "Preferred Stock"), and one billion seven
hundred fifty million (1,750,000,000) shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01
per share (hereinafter referred to as "Common Stock").

  The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series.
The Board of Directors is hereby authorized to provide for the issuance of
shares of Preferred Stock in series and, by filing a certificate pursuant to the
applicable law of the State of Delaware (hereinafter referred to as a "Preferred
Stock Designation"), to establish from time to time the number of shares to be
included in each such series, and to fix the designation, powers,
<PAGE>

preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications,
limitations and restrictions thereof. The authority of the Board of Directors
with respect to each series shall include, but not be limited to, determination
of the following:

     (1) The designation of the series, which may be by distinguishing number,
  letter or title.

     (2) The number of shares of the series, which number the Board of Directors
  may thereafter (except where otherwise provided in the Preferred Stock
  Designation) increase or decrease (but not below the number of shares thereof
  then outstanding).

     (3) The amounts payable on, and the preferences, if any, of shares of the
  series in respect of dividends, and whether such dividends, if any, shall be
  cumulative or noncumulative.

     (4) Dates at which dividends, if any, shall be payable.

     (5) The redemption rights and price or prices, if any, for shares of the
  series.

     (6) The terms and amount of any sinking fund provided for the purchase or
  redemption of shares of the series.

     (7) The amounts payable on, and the preferences, if any, of shares of the
  series in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution
  or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation.

     (8) Whether the shares of the series shall be convertible into or
  exchangeable for shares of any other class or series, or any other security,
  of the Corporation or any other corporation, and, if so, the specification of
  such other class or series of such other security, the conversion or exchange
  price or prices or rate or rates, any adjustments thereof, the date or dates
  at which such shares shall be convertible or exchangeable and all other terms
  and conditions upon which such conversion or exchange may be made.

     (9) Restrictions on the issuance of shares of the same series or of any
  other class or series.

     (10) The voting rights, if any, of the holders of shares of the series.

  The Common Stock shall be subject to the express terms of the Preferred Stock
and any series thereof.  Except as may be provided in this Certificate of
Incorporation or in a Preferred Stock Designation or by applicable law, the
holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each such
share upon all questions presented to the stockholders, the Common Stock shall
have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and for all other
purposes, and holders of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to receive notice
of any meeting of stockholders at which they are not entitled to vote. The
holders of the shares of Common Stock shall at all times, except as otherwise
provided in this Certificate of Incorporation or as required by law, vote as one
class, together with the holders of any other class or series of stock of the
Corporation accorded such general voting rights.

  The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the person in whose name any share
of its stock is registered as the owner thereof for all purposes and shall not
be bound to recognize any

                                       2
<PAGE>

equitable or other claim to, or interest in, such share on the part of any other
person, whether or not the Corporation shall have notice thereof, except as
expressly provided by applicable law.


                                   ARTICLE V

                                    BY-LAWS
                                    -------

  In furtherance of, and not in limitation of, the powers conferred by law, the
Board of Directors is expressly authorized and empowered:

     (1) to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation; provided,
  however, that the Bylaws adopted by the Board of Directors under the powers
  hereby conferred may be amended or repealed by the Board of Directors or by
  the stockholders having voting power with respect thereto, provided further
  that, in the case of amendments by stockholders, the affirmative vote of the
  holders of at least 80 percent of the voting power of the then outstanding
  Voting Stock, voting together as a single class, shall be required in order
  for the stockholders to alter, amend or repeal any provision of the Bylaws or
  to adopt any additional Bylaw; and

     (2) from time to time to determine whether and to what extent, and at what
  times and places, and under what conditions and regulations, the accounts and
  books of the Corporation, or any of them, shall be open to inspection of
  stockholders; and, except as so determined or as expressly provided in this
  Certificate of Incorporation or in any Preferred Stock Designation, no
  stockholder shall have any right to inspect any account, book or document of
  the Corporation other than such rights as may be conferred by applicable law.

  The Corporation may in its Bylaws confer powers upon the Board of Directors in
addition to the foregoing and in addition to the powers and authorities
expressly conferred upon the Board of Directors by applicable law.


                                   ARTICLE VI

                             ACTION OF STOCKHOLDERS
                             ----------------------

  Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock or any
other series or class of stock as set forth in this Certificate of
Incorporation, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders
of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting
of stockholders of the Corporation and may not be effected by any consent in
writing in lieu of a meeting of such stockholders.


                                  ARTICLE VII

                               BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                               ------------------

  Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, or any
other series or class of stock as set forth in this Certificate of
Incorporation, to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the
number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed in

                                       3
<PAGE>

such manner as prescribed by the Bylaws of the Corporation and may be increased
or decreased from time to time in such manner as prescribed by the Bylaws.

  Unless and except to the extent that the Bylaws of the Corporation shall so
require, the election of directors of the Corporation need not be by written
ballot.

  The directors, other than those who may be elected by the holders of any
series of Preferred Stock or any other series or class of stock as set forth in
this Certificate of Incorporation, shall be divided into three classes,
initially consisting of 6, 4 and 4 directors.  One class of directors initially
consisting of 4 directors shall be initially elected for a term expiring at the
annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 1998, another class initially
consisting of 4 directors shall be initially elected for a term expiring at the
annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 1999, and another class initially
consisting of 6 directors shall be initially elected for a term expiring at the
annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2000. Members of each class shall
hold office until their successors are elected and qualified.  At each annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation commencing with the 1998 annual
meeting,  directors elected to succeed those directors whose terms then expire
shall be elected by a plurality vote of all votes cast at such meeting to hold
office for a term expiring at the third succeeding annual meeting of
stockholders after their election, with each director to hold office until his
or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified.

  Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, or any
other series or class of stock as set forth in this Certificate of
Incorporation, to elect additional directors under specified circumstances,
vacancies resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification,
removal from office or other cause, and newly created directorships resulting
from any increase in the authorized number of directors, may be filled only by
the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors, though less than
a quorum of the Board of Directors, and directors so chosen shall hold office
for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders at which the term of
office of the class to which they have been elected expires and until such
director's successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. No decrease in
the number of authorized directors constituting the Board of Directors shall
shorten the term of any incumbent director.

  Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, or any
other series or class of stock as set forth in this Certificate of
Incorporation, to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, any
director may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and by the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least 80 percent of the voting power of
the then outstanding Voting Stock, voting together as a single class.



                                  ARTICLE VIII

                                INDEMNIFICATION
                                ---------------

  Each person who is or was a director or officer of the Corporation shall be
indemnified by the Corporation to the fullest extent  permitted from time to
time by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as the same exists
or may hereafter be amended (but, if permitted by applicable law, in the case of
any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the
Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than said law permitted
the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment) or any other applicable laws
as presently or hereafter in effect.  The Corporation may, by action of the

                                       4
<PAGE>

Board of Directors, provide indemnification to employees and agents (other than
a director or officer) of the Corporation, to directors, officers, employees or
agents of a subsidiary, and to each person serving as a director, officer,
partner, member, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, limited
liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, at the request of
the Corporation, with the same scope and effect as the foregoing indemnification
of directors and officers of the Corporation.  The Corporation shall be required
to indemnify any person seeking indemnification in connection with a proceeding
(or part thereof) initiated by such person only if such proceeding (or part
thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors or is a proceeding to enforce
such person's claim to indemnification pursuant to the rights granted by this
Certificate of Incorporation or otherwise by the Corporation.  Without limiting
the generality or the effect of the foregoing, the Corporation may enter into
one or more agreements with any person which provide for indemnification greater
or different than that provided in this Article VIII.  Any amendment or repeal
of this Article VIII shall not adversely affect any right or protection existing
hereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to such amendment or
repeal.


                                   ARTICLE IX

                              DIRECTORS' LIABILITY
                              --------------------

  A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the
Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary
duty as a director, except for liability (1) for any breach of the director's
duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (2) for acts or
omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing
violation of law, (3) under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware, or (4) for any transaction from which the director derived an
improper personal benefit.  Any amendment or repeal of this Article IX shall not
adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation
existing hereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to such
amendment or repeal.

  If the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware shall be amended, to
authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the liability of
directors, then a director of the Corporation, in addition to the circumstances
in which he is not liable immediately prior to such amendment, shall be free of
liability to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware, as so amended.


                                   ARTICLE X

                                   AMENDMENTS
                                   ----------

  Except as may be expressly provided in this Certificate of Incorporation, the
Corporation reserves the right at any time and from time to time to amend,
alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of
Incorporation or a Preferred Stock Designation, and any other provisions
authorized by the laws of the State of Delaware at the time in force may be
added or inserted, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed herein or by
applicable law, and all rights, preferences and privileges of whatsoever nature
conferred upon stockholders, directors or any other persons whomsoever by and
pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation in its present form or as
hereafter amended are granted subject to the right reserved in this Article X;
provided, however, that any amendment or repeal of Article VIII or Article IX of
this Certificate of Incorporation shall not adversely affect any right or

                                       5
<PAGE>

protection existing thereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior
to such amendment or repeal, and provided further that no Preferred Stock
Designation shall be amended after the issuance of any shares of the series of
Preferred Stock created thereby, except in accordance with the terms of such
Preferred Stock Designation and the requirements of applicable law.

  Notwithstanding anything contained in this Certificate of Incorporation to the
contrary, and in addition to approval by the Board of Directors, the affirmative
vote of the holders of at least 80 percent of the voting power of the then
outstanding Voting Stock, voting together as a single class, shall be required
to amend, repeal or adopt any provision inconsistent with paragraph (1) of
Article V, Article VI, Article VII or this second paragraph of this Article X.
For the purposes of this Certificate of Incorporation, "Voting Stock" shall mean
the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors.

                                       6
<PAGE>


              CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS
                                     OF THE
                        ESOP CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK
                                       OF
                          DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.

                         ------------------------------


                         Pursuant to Section 151 of the
                General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware


                         ------------------------------


          The undersigned DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

          A.  The following resolution was duly adopted by the Board of
Directors (the "Board") of Dean Witter, Discover & Co., a Delaware corporation
(hereinafter called the "Corporation"), by unanimous vote thereof at a meeting
on May 28, 1997:

     RESOLVED that, pursuant to authority expressly granted to and vested in the
Board by provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
the Corporation (the "Certificate of Incorporation"), the issuance of a series
of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Preferred Stock"), which
shall consist of 3,902,438 of the shares of Preferred Stock which the
Corporation has authority to issue, is authorized, and the Board hereby fixes
the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or
other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions
thereof, of the shares of such series (in addition to the powers, designations,
preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and
the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, set forth in the
Certificate of Incorporation which may be applicable to the Preferred Stock) as
follows:

     1.   Designation and Issuance.
          -------------------------

          (A)  The shares of such series shall be designated ESOP CONVERTIBLE
PREFERRED STOCK (hereinafter referred to as the "ESOP Preferred Stock") and such
series shall consist of

                                       7
<PAGE>

3,902,438 shares.  Such number of shares may be increased or decreased from time
to time by resolution of the Committee (as hereinafter defined), but no such
increase shall result in such series consisting of more than 4,000,000 shares,
and no decrease shall reduce the number of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock to a
number less than that of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock then outstanding plus
the number of shares issuable upon exercise of any rights, options or warrants
or upon conversion of outstanding securities issued by the Corporation relating
to such shares.  Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Board may increase
the number of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock to a number greater than 4,000,000
shares, or may decrease the number of such shares, subject only to any
limitations imposed by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation.  Any
shares of ESOP Preferred Stock redeemed or purchased by the Corporation shall
remain issued and outstanding for all purposes (except that as long as such
shares are held by the Corporation or its nominee, no dividends shall be paid on
such shares and they shall neither be entitled to vote nor counted for quorum
purposes) and may thereafter be transferred by the Corporation from time to time
to a trustee or trustees referred to in paragraph (B) of this Section 1
(whereupon the voting and dividend rights of such shares shall be restored);
provided that the Corporation may provide at the time of or at any time after
such redemption or purchase that any such shares then held by the Corporation or
its nominee shall be retired, and such shares shall then be restored to the
status of authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock of the Corporation.
For the purposes of this Certificate of Designation, the "Committee" shall mean
any committee of the Board to whom the Board, pursuant to Section 141(c) of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, delegates authority to perform
the functions of the Board set forth in this Certificate of Designation.

          (B)  Shares of ESOP Preferred Stock shall be issued only to a trustee
or trustees acting on behalf of an employee stock ownership trust or plan or
other employee benefit plan (a "Plan") of the Corporation.  In the event of any
sale, transfer or other disposition (hereinafter a "transfer") of shares of ESOP
Preferred Stock to any person (including, without limitation, any participant in
the Plan) other than (x) any trustee or trustees of the Plan, (y) any pledgee of
such shares acquiring such shares as security for any loan or loans made to the
Plan or to any trustee or trustees acting on behalf of the Plan or (z) the
Corporation, the shares of ESOP Preferred Stock so transferred, upon such
transfer and without any further

                                       8
<PAGE>

action by the Corporation or the holder, shall be automatically converted into
shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Price (as hereinafter defined) and on
the terms otherwise provided for the conversion of shares of ESOP Preferred
Stock into shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 5 hereof and no such
transferee shall have any of the voting powers, preferences and relative,
participating, optional or special rights ascribed to shares of ESOP Preferred
Stock hereunder, but, rather, only the powers and rights pertaining to the
Common Stock into which such shares of ESOP Preferred Stock shall be so
converted; provided, however, that in the event of a foreclosure or other
realization upon shares of ESOP Preferred Stock pledged as security for any loan
or loans made to the Plan or to the trustee or the trustees acting on behalf of
the Plan, the pledged shares so foreclosed or otherwise realized upon shall be
converted automatically into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Price and
on the terms otherwise provided for conversions of shares of ESOP Preferred
Stock into shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 5 hereof.  In the event of
such a conversion, such transferee shall be treated for all purposes as the
record holder of the shares of Common Stock into which the ESOP Preferred Stock
shall have been converted as of the date of such conversion. Certificates
representing shares of ESOP Preferred Stock shall be legended to reflect such
restrictions on transfer. Notwithstanding the foregoing Provisions of this
Section 1, shares of ESOP Preferred Stock (i) may be converted into shares of
Common Stock as provided by Section 5 hereof and the shares of Common Stock
issued upon such conversion may be transferred by the holder thereof as
permitted by law and (ii) be redeemable by the Corporation upon the terms and
conditions provided by Sections 6, 7 and 8 hereof.

     2.   Dividends and Distributions.
          ----------------------------

          (A)  (1)  Subject to the provisions for adjustment hereinafter set
forth, the holders of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock (other than the Corporation
or its nominee) shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board
out of funds legally available therefor, cash dividends ("Preferred Dividends")
payable in accordance with either of the following elections, as the Board shall
elect from time to time in its absolute discretion:

          (i) in an amount per share initially equal to $2.78 per share per
     annum, and no more (such amount, as adjusted from time to time pursuant to
     the terms hereof, including during any period in which a

                                       9
<PAGE>

     Semiannual Payment Election (as defined below) shall be in effect, the
     "Annual Dividend Rate"), payable annually in arrears on December 31 (or
     such later date not more than four business days thereafter as the Board
     may from time to time elect in its absolute discretion; such date, the
     "Annual Payment Date") of each year (such election, the "Annual Payment
     Election") beginning on the Annual Payment Date occurring immediately after
     the effective date of such Annual Payment Election; or

          (ii) in an amount per share initially equal to $2.78 per share per
     annum, and no more (such amount, as adjusted from time to time pursuant to
     the terms hereof, including during any period in which an Annual Payment
     Election is in effect, the "Semiannual Dividend Rate"; and the Semiannual
     Dividend Rate and the Annual Dividend Rate, as in effect at any time, are
     each hereinafter referred to as the "Preferred Dividend Rate"),
     semiannually in arrears, one-half on each June 30 and December 31 (or, in
     either case, such later date not more than four business days after either
     of such dates as the Board may from time to time elect in its absolute
     discretion; such dates, the "Semiannual Payment Dates") of each year (such
     election, the "Semiannual Payment Election"), beginning on the Semiannual
     Payment Date occurring immediately after the effective date of such
     Semiannual Payment Election;

provided that any Semiannual Payment Election shall be made effective only
during the period beginning on January 5 and ending on June 29 in each year.
The Board shall give prompt notice to the holders of the ESOP Preferred Stock of
any Semiannual Payment Election or Annual Payment Election and any election to
alter any Dividend Payment Date pursuant to this Section 2(A)(1).  Each Annual
Payment Date or Semiannual Payment Date, as applicable, is hereinafter referred
to as a "Dividend Payment Date", and each payment of a Preferred Dividend shall
be made to holders of record at the opening of business on such Dividend Payment
Date.

          (2)  Preferred Dividends shall begin to accrue on outstanding shares
of ESOP Preferred Stock from the date of issuance of such shares, except that
with respect to any shares of ESOP Preferred Stock redeemed or purchased by the
Corporation and then reissued, Preferred Dividends shall accrue on such shares
from their date of reissuance. Preferred Dividends shall accrue on a daily
basis, whether or not the Corporation shall then have earnings or surplus

                                      10
<PAGE>

(computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months in case of any
period less than one year) based on the Preferred Dividend Rate in effect on
such date; provided however, that if a Semiannual Payment Election or an Annual
Payment Election becomes effective on or after such date and before the
immediately succeeding Dividend Payment Date, payments in respect of dividends
on the ESOP Preferred Stock made on or after the effective date of such
Semiannual Payment Election or Annual Payment Election and on or before such
Dividend Payment Date shall be computed using the Preferred Dividend Rate in
effect on the date of such payment; provided further, the dividends payable on
the first Dividend Payment Date following the issuance of the ESOP Preferred
Stock shall be in an amount equal to the Annual Dividend Rate for a full annum
or the Semiannual Dividend Rate for a full semiannum, as applicable.  Accrued
but unpaid Preferred Dividends shall cumulate as of the Dividend Payment Date on
which they first become payable, but no interest shall accrue on accumulated but
unpaid Preferred Dividends.

          (B)  So long as any shares of ESOP Preferred Stock shall be
outstanding, no dividend shall be declared or paid or set apart for payment on
any other series of stock ranking on a parity with the ESOP Preferred Stock as
to dividends, unless there shall also be or have been declared and paid or set
apart for payment on the ESOP Preferred Stock, like dividends for all dividend
payment periods of the ESOP Preferred Stock ending on or before the dividend
payment date of such parity stock, ratably in proportion to the respective
amounts of dividends (1) accumulated and unpaid or payable on such parity stock,
on the one hand, and (2) accumulated and unpaid through the dividend payment
period or periods of the ESOP Preferred Stock next preceding such dividend
payment date, on the other hand.  If full cumulative dividends on the ESOP
Preferred Stock have not been declared and paid or set apart for payment when
due, the Corporation shall not declare or pay or set apart for payment any
dividends or make any other distributions on, or make any payment on account of
the purchase, redemption or other retirement of, any other class of stock or
series thereof of the Corporation ranking, as to dividends or upon dissolution,
junior to the ESOP Preferred Stock until full cumulative dividends on the ESOP
Preferred Stock shall have been paid or declared and set apart; provided,
however, that the foregoing shall not apply to (i) any dividend or distribution
payable solely in any shares of, or options, warrants or rights to subscribe for
or purchase shares of, any stock ranking, as to dividends and upon dissolution,

                                      11
<PAGE>

junior to the ESOP Preferred Stock or (ii) the acquisition of shares of any
stock ranking, as to dividends and upon dissolution, junior to the ESOP
Preferred Stock in exchange solely for or by conversion solely into shares of
any other stock ranking junior to the ESOP Preferred Stock as to dividends and
upon dissolution.

          (C)  Any dividend payment made on shares of ESOP Preferred Stock shall
first be credited against the earliest accumulated but unpaid dividend due with
respect to such shares.

     3.   Liquidation Preference.
          -----------------------

          (A)  In the event of any dissolution or liquidation of the
Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, before any payment or
distribution of the assets of the Corporation (whether capital or surplus) shall
be made to or set apart for the holders of any series or class or classes of
stock of the Corporation ranking junior to ESOP Preferred Stock upon dissolution
or liquidation, the holders of ESOP Preferred Stock (other than the Corporation
or its nominee) shall be entitled to receive the Liquidation Price (as
hereinafter defined) per share in effect at the time of dissolution or
liquidation plus an amount equal to all dividends accrued (whether or not
accumulated) and unpaid on the ESOP Preferred Stock to the date of final
distribution to such holders; but such holders shall not be entitled to and
shall not otherwise receive any further payments.  The Liquidation Price per
share that holders of ESOP Preferred Stock shall receive upon dissolution or
liquidation shall be $35.875, subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided.
If, upon any dissolution or liquidation of the Corporation, the assets of the
Corporation, or proceeds thereof, distributable among the holders of ESOP
Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to pay in full the preferential amount
aforesaid and liquidating payments on any other shares ranking, as to
dissolution or liquidation, on a parity with ESOP Preferred Stock, then such
assets, or the proceeds thereof, shall be distributed among the holders of ESOP
Preferred Stock and any such other shares ratably in accordance with the
respective amounts that would be payable on such shares of ESOP Preferred Stock
and any such other shares if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full.  For
the purposes of this Section 3, neither a consolidation or merger of the
Corporation with or into one or more corporations, nor the sale, transfer, lease
or exchange (for cash, shares of equity stock, securities or other
consideration) of all or substantially all of the

                                      12
<PAGE>

assets of the Corporation, nor the distribution to the stockholders of the
Corporation of all or substantially all of the consideration for such sale,
unless such consideration (apart from assumption of liabilities) or the net
proceeds thereof consists substantially entirely of cash, shall be deemed to be
a dissolution or liquidation, voluntary or involuntary.

          (B)  Subject to the rights of the holders of shares of any series or
class or classes of stock ranking on a parity with or senior to ESOP Preferred
Stock upon dissolution or liquidation, upon any dissolution or liquidation of
the Corporation, after payment shall have been made in full to the holders of
ESOP Preferred Stock as provided in this Section 3, but not prior thereto, any
other series or class or classes of stock ranking junior to ESOP Preferred Stock
upon dissolution or liquidation shall, subject to the respective terms and
provisions (if any) applying thereto, be entitled to receive any and all assets
of the Corporation remaining to be paid or distributed, and the holders of ESOP
Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to share therein.

          4.  Ranking and Voting of Shares.
              -----------------------------

          (A)  Each of (i) the Corporation's 7-3/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock,
with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (ii) the Corporation's 7-3/4%
Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (iii)
the Corporation's Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (iv) if issued, the Corporation's 7.82%
Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (v)
if issued, the Corporation's 7.80% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (vi) if issued, the Corporation's 9.00%
Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (vii)
if issued, the Corporation's 8.40% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (viii) if issued, the Corporation's
8.20% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share
and (ix) if issued, the Corporation's 8.03% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation value of $200.00 per share, shall rank on a parity with ESOP
Preferred Stock as to dividends and as to distribution of assets upon
dissolution or liquidation.

          Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation of the
Corporation, as the same may be

                                      13
<PAGE>

amended, or in a Certificate of Designation of Rights and Preferences relating
to any subsequent series of Preferred Stock, the ESOP Preferred Stock shall rank
on a parity with all series of the Corporation's Preferred Stock, other than the
Corporation's Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock to which the ESOP
Preferred Stock shall rank senior, as to dividends and as to the distribution of
assets upon dissolution or liquidation.

          (B)  The holders of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock (other than the
Corporation or its nominee) shall have the following voting rights:

          (1)  The holders of ESOP Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on
all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation, voting
together with the holders of Common Stock as one class.  The holder of each
share of ESOP Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a number of votes equal to
1.35 times the number of shares of Common Stock into which such share of ESOP
Preferred Stock could be converted on the record date for determining the stock
holders entitled to vote; it being understood that whenever the "Conversion
Price" (as defined in Section 5 hereof) is adjusted as provided in Section 9
hereof, the number of votes of the ESOP Preferred Stock shall also be corres
pondingly adjusted.  Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, if the
governing body of the New York Stock Exchange or any other securities listing
service or exchange (each, an "Exchange") or any relevant governmental or
regulatory entity (each such entity, and each governing body of an Exchange, a
"Regulating Entity") shall have disapproved of such voting power or taken or
threatened any action against the Corporation or in respect of any of its
securities in accordance with Rule 19c-4 promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), or any other rule or listing standard
of any Regulating Entity regarding the voting power of securities, or if the
Board of Directors determines in its sole judgment that any Regulating Entity
may so disapprove or take or threaten any such action, the holder of each share
of ESOP Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a maximum number of votes
permissible (consistent with continued listing of the Corporation's securities
on any such Exchange) in accordance with the interpretations of any such rule or
listing standard by such Regulating Entity, as determined by the Board.

          (2)  Except as otherwise required by law or set forth herein, holders
of ESOP Preferred Stock shall have no

                                      14
<PAGE>

special voting rights and their consent shall not be required (except to the
extent they are entitled to vote with holders of Common Stock as set forth
herein) for the taking of any corporate action, including the issuance of any
Preferred Stock now or hereafter authorized; provided, however, that the vote of
at least 66-2/3% of the outstanding shares of ESOP Preferred Stock, voting
separately as a series, shall be necessary to approve any alteration, amendment
or repeal of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or any
alteration, amendment or repeal of any provision of the resolutions relating to
the designation, preferences and rights of ESOP Preferred Stock (including any
such alteration, amendment or  repeal effected by any merger or consolidation in
which the Corporation is the surviving or resulting corporation, but not
including any alteration or amendment of rights expressly provided for in
Section (B)(1) above or in Section 2(A)(1)), if such amendment, alteration or
repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences, or special rights of the
ESOP Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely.

     5.  Conversion into Common Stock.
         -----------------------------

          (A)  A holder of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock shall be entitled, at
any time prior to the close of business on the date fixed for redemption of such
shares pursuant to Section 6, 7 or 8 hereof, to cause any or all of such shares
to be converted into shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of Common
Stock into which each share of the ESOP Preferred Stock may be converted shall
be determined by dividing the Liquidation Price in effect at the time of
conversion by the Conversion Price (as hereinafter defined) in effect at the
time of conversion. The initial Conversion Price per share at which shares of
Common Stock shall be issuable upon conversion of any shares of ESOP Preferred
Stock shall be $10.871, subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided; that is,
a conversion rate initially equivalent to three and three-tenths (3-3/10) shares
of Common Stock for each share of ESOP Preferred Stock, which is subject to
adjustment as hereinafter provided.

          (B)  Any holder of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock desiring to convert
such shares into shares of Common Stock shall surrender, if certificated, the
certificate or certificates representing the shares of ESOP Preferred Stock
being converted, duly assigned or endorsed for transfer to the Corporation (or
accompanied by duly executed stock

                                      15
<PAGE>

powers relating thereto), or if uncertificated, a duly executed stock power
relating thereto, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or the
offices of the transfer agent for the ESOP Preferred Stock or such office or
offices in the continental United States of an agent for conversion as may from
time to time be designated by notice to the holders of the ESOP Preferred Stock
by the Corporation or the transfer agent for the ESOP Preferred Stock,
accompanied by written notice of conversion.  Such notice of conversion shall
specify (i) the number of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock to be converted and the
name or names in which such holder wishes the Common Stock and any shares of
ESOP Preferred Stock not to be so converted to be issued, and (ii) the address
to which such holder wishes delivery to be made of a confirmation of such
conversion, if uncertificated, or any new certificates which may be issued upon
such conversion, if certificated.

          (C)  Upon surrender, if certificated, of a certificate representing a
share or shares of ESOP Preferred Stock for conversion, or if uncertificated, of
a duly executed stock power relating thereto, the Corporation shall issue and
send by hand delivery (with receipt to be acknowledged) or by first class mail,
postage prepaid, to the holder thereof or to such holder's designee, at the
address designated by such holder, if certificated, a certificate or
certificates for, or if uncertificated, confirmation of, the number of shares of
Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled upon conversion.  If there
shall have been surrendered shares of ESOP Preferred Stock only part of which
are to be converted, the Corporation shall issue and deliver to such holder or
such holder's designee, if certificated, a new certificate or certificates
representing the number of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock that shall not have
been converted, or if uncertificated, confirmation of the number of shares of
ESOP Preferred Stock that shall not have been converted.

          (D)  The issuance by the Corporation of shares of Common Stock upon a
conversion of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock made at
the option of the holder thereof shall be effective as of the earlier of (i) the
delivery to such holder or such holder's designee of the certificates
representing the shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion thereof, if
certificated, or confirmation, if uncertificated, and (ii) the commencement of
business on the second business day after the surrender of the certificate or
certificates, if certificated, or a duly executed stock power, if
uncertificated, for the shares of

                                      16
<PAGE>

ESOP Preferred Stock to be converted.  On and after the effective date of
conversion, the person or persons entitled to receive Common Stock issuable upon
such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or
holders of such shares of Common Stock, and no allowance or adjust ment shall be
made in respect of dividends payable to holders of Common Stock of record on any
date prior to such effective date.  The Corporation shall not be obligated to
pay any dividend that may have accrued or have been declared but that is not
payable to holders of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock if the Dividend Payment
Date for such dividend is on or subsequent to the effective date of conversion
of such shares.

          (E)  The Corporation shall not be obligated to deliver to holders of
ESOP Preferred Stock any fractional share or shares of Common Stock issuable
upon any conversion of such shares of ESOP Preferred Stock, but in lieu thereof
may make a cash payment in respect thereof in any manner permitted by law.

          (F)  The Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out
of its authorized and unissued Common Stock or treasury Common Stock, solely for
issuance upon the conversion of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock as herein
provided, such number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be
issuable upon the conversion of all the shares of ESOP Preferred Stock then
outstanding.

     6.  Redemption at the Option of the Corporation.
         --------------------------------------------

          (A)  The ESOP Preferred Stock shall be redeemable, in whole or in
part, at the option of the Corporation at any time after September 19, 2000, out
of funds legally available therefor, at a redemption price per share equal to
100% of the Liquidation Price plus an amount equal to all accrued (whether or
not accumulated) and unpaid dividends thereon to the date fixed for redemption.
Payment of the redemption price shall be made by the Corporation in cash or
shares of Common Stock, or a combination thereof, as permitted by paragraph (E)
of this Section 6.  From and after the date fixed for redemption, dividends on
shares of ESOP Preferred Stock called for redemption will cease to accrue and
all rights of the holder in respect of such shares shall cease, except the right
to receive the redemption price.  Upon payment of the redemption price, such
shares shall be deemed to have been transferred to the Corporation, to be held
as treasurer shares or to be retired, in either case as provided in Sec-
tion 1(A).  If less than all of the

                                      17
<PAGE>

outstanding shares of ESOP Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the Corporation
shall either redeem a portion of the shares of each holder determined pro rata
based on the number of shares held by each holder or shall select the shares to
be redeemed by lot, as may be determined by the Board.

          (B)  Notice of redemption will be sent to the holders of ESOP
Preferred Stock at the address on the books of the Corporation or any transfer
agent for ESOP Preferred Stock by first class mail, postage prepaid, mailed not
less than twenty (20) days nor more than sixty (60) days prior to the redemption
date or in any other manner provided by law. Each notice shall state:  (i) the
redemption date; (ii) the total number of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock to be
redeemed and, if fewer than all the shares held by such

holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be redeemed from such
holder; (iii) the redemption price; (iv) the place or places where certificates,
if certificated, for such shares are to be surrendered for payment of the
redemption price; (v) that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to
accrue on such redemption date; (vi) whether such redemption price should be
paid in cash or in shares of Common Stock; and (vii) the conversion rights of
the shares to be redeemed, the period within which conversion rights may be
exercised and the Conversion Price and number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of a share of ESOP Preferred Stock at the time.  Upon surrender
of the certificates, if certificated, for any shares so called for redemption,
or upon the date fixed for redemption, if uncertificated, such shares, if not
previously converted, shall be redeemed by the Corporation as of the close of
business on the date fixed for redemption and at the redemption price set forth
in this Section 6.

          (C)  The Corporation may, in its sole discretion and notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in paragraph (A) of this Section 6, at any time within
one year after either of the following events:

          (i) there shall be a change in the federal tax law or regulations of
    the United States of America or of an interpretation or application of such
    law or regulations or of a determination by a court of competent
    jurisdiction that in any case has the effect of precluding the Corporation
    from claiming (other than for purposes of calculating any alternative
    minimum tax) any of the tax deductions for dividends paid on

                                      18
<PAGE>

    the ESOP Preferred Stock when such dividends are used as provided under
    Section 404(k)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
    "Code"), as in effect on December 31, 1995.

          (ii) the Corporation shall certify to the holders of the ESOP
    Preferred Stock that the Corporation has determined in good faith that the
    Plan either is not qualified as a "stock bonus plan" within the meaning of
    Section 401(a) of the Code or is not an "employee stock ownership plan"
    within the meaning of Section 4975(e)(7) of the Code,

elect either to (a) redeem, out of funds legally available therefor, any or all
of such ESOP Preferred Stock for cash or, if the Corporation so elects, in
shares of Common Stock, or a combination of such shares of Common Stock and
cash, as permitted by paragraph (E) of this Section 6, at a redemption price
equal to (x) if the relevant event is as provided in clause (i) above, the
Liquidation Price per share on the date fixed for redemption, plus an amount
equal to accrued (whether or not accumulated) and unpaid dividends thereon to
the date fixed for redemption or (y) if the relevant event is as provided in
clause (ii) above, an amount calculated on the basis of the redemption prices
provided in paragraph (D) of this Section 6 on the date fixed for redemption or
(b) exchange any or all of such shares of ESOP Preferred Stock for securities of
at least equal value (as determined by an independent appraiser) that constitute
"qualifying employer securities" with respect to a holder of ESOP Preferred
Stock within the meaning of Section 409(l) of the Code and Section 407(d)(5) of
the Employment Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), or
any successor provisions of law.  If the Corporation elects to redeem any or all
of the ESOP Preferred Stock pursuant to clause (a) of the preceding sentence,
notice of such redemption shall be given as required in paragraph (B) of this
Section 6, and if the Corporation elects to exchange any or all of the ESOP
Preferred Stock for securities of at least equal value pursuant to clause (b) of
the preceding sentence, it will cause notice of such election to be sent to the
holders of ESOP Preferred Stock at the address shown on the books of the
Corporation or any transfer agent for ESOP Preferred Stock by first class mail,
postage prepaid, mailed not less than twenty (20) days nor more than sixty (60)
days prior to the date of exchange or in any other manner required by law. Each
notice shall state:  (i) the exchange date; (ii) the total number of shares of
ESOP Preferred Stock to be

                                      19
<PAGE>

exchanged and, if fewer than all the shares held by such holder are to be
exchanged, the number of shares held by such holder to be exchanged; (iii) the
exchange rate; (iv) the place or places where certificates, if certificated, for
such shares are to be surrendered for exchange; and (v) that dividends on the
shares to be exchanged will cease to accrue an such exchange date.

          (D)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in paragraph (A) of this
Section 6, in the event that the Plan is, or contributions thereto are,
terminated, the Corporation may, in its sole discretion, call for redemption any
or all of the then outstanding ESOP Preferred Stock, upon notice as required in
paragraph (B) of this Section 6, out of funds legally available therefor, at a
redemption price per share equal to the following percentages of the Liquidation
Price in effect on the date fixed for redemption:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                During the Twelve-
                   Month Period           Percentage of
              Beginning September 19,   Liquidation Price
             -------------------------  -----------------
             <S>                        <C>
                       1996                    103.10
                       1997                    102.33
                       1998                    101.55
                       1999                    100.78
                       2000                    100.00
</TABLE>

and thereafter at 100%, plus, in each case, an amount equal to all accrued
(whether or not accumulated) and unpaid dividends thereon to the date fixed for
redemption.  Payment of the redemption price shall be made by the Corporation in
cash or shares of Common Stock, or a combination thereof, as permitted by
paragraph (E) of this Section 6.  From and after the date fixed for redemption,
dividends on shares of ESOP Preferred Stock called for redemption will cease to
accrue and all rights of the holder in respect of such shares shall cease,
except the right to receive the redemption price.  Upon payment of the
redemption price, such shares shall be deemed to have been transferred to the
Corporation, to be held as treasury shares or to be retired, in either case as
provided in Section 1(A).

          (E)  The Corporation, at its option, may make payment of the
redemption price required upon redemption of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock in
cash or in shares of Common Stock, or in a combination of such shares and cash,
any such shares of Common Stock to be valued for such purpose at their Fair
Market Value (as defined in paragraph 9(H)(2)); provided, however, that in
calculating

                                      20
<PAGE>

their Fair Market Value the Adjustment Period (as defined in paragraph 9(H)(2))
shall be deemed to be the five (5) consecutive trading days preceding the date
of redemption.

          7.  Redemption at the Option of the Holder.
              ---------------------------------------

          (A)  Unless otherwise provided by law, shares of ESOP Preferred Stock
shall be redeemed by the Corporation at the option of the holder, at any time
and from time to time upon notice to the Corporation given not less than five
business days prior to the date fixed by the holder in such notice, when and to
the extent necessary for such holder to provide for distributions required to be
made under, or to satisfy an investment election provided to participants in
accordance with, the Plan or any successor plan or when the holder elects to
redeem shares of ESOP Preferred Stock in connection with any Preferred Dividend
(a "Dividend Redemption"), in shares of Common Stock legally available therefor,
at a redemption price equal to the higher of (x) the Liquidation Price per share
on the date fixed for redemption and (y) the Fair Market Value (as defined in
paragraph 9(H)(2)) of the number of shares of Common Stock into which each share
of ESOP Preferred Stock is convertible at the time the notice of such redemption
is given, plus in either case an amount equal to accrued (whether or not
accumulated) and unpaid dividends thereon to the date fixed for redemption (such
higher price on any date, together with such accrued and unpaid dividends, the
"Special Redemption Price").  At the election of the Corporation, such redemp-
tion may instead be made out of funds legally available therefor in cash or a
combination of Common Stock and cash. Any shares of Common Stock shall be valued
for the purposes of redemption pursuant to this paragraph (A) as provided by
paragraph (E) of Section 6.  In the case of any Dividend Redemption, such holder
shall give the notice specified above on the fifth business day after the
related Dividend Payment Date and such redemption shall be effective as to such
number of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock as shall equal (x) the aggregate amount
of such Preferred Dividends paid with respect to shares of ESOP Preferred Stock
allocated or credited to the accounts of participants in the Plan or any
successor plan that are used to repay any loan associated with such allocated or
credited shares divided by (y) the Special Redemption Price specified above in
this paragraph (A).

               (B) Unless otherwise provided by law, shares of ESOP Preferred
Stock shall be redeemed by the Corporation at the option of the holder, at any
time and from time to

                                      21
<PAGE>

time upon notice to the Corporation given not less than five business days prior
to the date fixed by the holder in such notice, upon certification by such
holder to the Corporation of the following events:  (i) when and to the extent
necessary for such holder to make any payments of principal, interest or premium
due and payable (whether voluntary, scheduled, upon acceleration or otherwise)
upon any obligations of the trust established under the Plan in connection with
the acquisition of ESOP Preferred Stock or any indebtedness, expenses or costs
incurred by the holder for the benefit of the Plan; or (ii) when and if it shall
be established to the satisfaction of the holder that the Plan has not initially
been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be qualified as a "stock
bonus plan" and an "employee stock ownership plan" within the meaning of Section
401(a) or 4975(e)(7) of the Code, respectively, in shares of Common Stock
legally available therefor, at a redemption price equal to the Liquidation Price
plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends thereon to the date fixed
for redemption.  At the election of the Corporation, such redemption may instead
be made out of funds legally available therefor in cash or a combination of
Common Stock and cash.  Any shares of Common Stock shall be valued for the
purposes of redemption pursuant to this paragraph (B) as provided by paragraph
(E) of Section 6.

          8.  Consolidation, Merger, etc.
              ---------------------------

          (A)  If the Corporation shall consummate any consolidation or merger
or similar transaction, however named, pursuant to which the outstanding shares
of Common Stock are by operation of law exchanged solely for or changed,
reclassified or converted solely into securities of any successor or resulting
company (including the Corpora tion) that constitute "qualifying employer
securities" with respect to a holder of ESOP Preferred Stock within the meanings
of Section 409(l) of the Code and Section 407(d)(5) of ERISA, or any successor
provision of law, and, if applicable, for a cash payment in lieu of fractional
shares, if any, then, in such event, the terms of such consolidation or merger
or similar transaction shall provide that the shares of ESOP Preferred Stock of
such holder shall be converted into or exchanged for and shall become preferred
securities of such successor or resulting company, having in respect of such
company insofar as possible (taking into account, without limitation, any
requirements relating to the listing of such preferred securities on any
national securities exchange or the qualification of such preferred securities
for trading in any over-the-counter market) the

                                      22
<PAGE>

same powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special
rights (including the redemption rights provided by Sections 6, 7 and 8 hereof),
and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereon, that the ESOP
Preferred Stock had immediately prior to such transaction; provided, however,
that after such transaction each security into which the ESOP Preferred Stock is
so converted or for which it is exchanged shall be convertible, pursuant to the
terms and conditions provided by Section 5 hereof, into the number and kind of
qualifying employer securities receivable by a holder equivalent to the number
of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of ESOP Preferred Stock could
have been converted pursuant to Section 5 hereof immediately prior to such
transaction and provided further that if by virtue of the structure of such
transaction, a holder of Common Stock is required to make an election with
respect to the nature and kind of considera tion to be received in such
transaction, which election cannot practicably be made by the holders of the
ESOP Preferred Stock, then such election shall be deemed to be solely for
"qualifying employer securities" (together, if applicable, with a cash payment
in lieu of fractional shares) with the effect provided above on the basis of the
number and kind of qualifying employer securities receivable by a holder of the
number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of ESOP Preferred Stock
could have been converted pursuant to Section 5 hereof immediately prior to such
transaction (it being understood that if the kind or amount of qualifying
employer securities receivable in respect of each share of Common Stock upon
such transaction is not the same for each such share, then the kind and amount
of qualifying employer securities deemed to be receivable in respect of each
share of Common Stock for purposes of this proviso shall be the kind and amount
so receivable per share of Common Stock by a plurality of such shares).  The
rights of the ESOP Preferred Stock as preferred equity of such successor or
resulting company shall successively be subject to adjustments pursuant to
Section 9 hereof after any such transaction as nearly equivalent as practicable
to the adjustments provided for by such Section prior to such transaction.  The
Corporation shall not consummate any such merger, consolidation or similar
transaction unless all the terms of this paragraph (A) are complied with.

          (B)  If the Corporation shall consummate any consolidation or merger
or similar transaction, however named, pursuant to which the outstanding shares
of Common Stock are by operation of law exchanged for or changed,

                                      23
<PAGE>

reclassified or converted into other shares or securities or cash or any other
property, or any combination thereof, other than any such consideration which is
constituted solely of qualifying employer securities that are common stock or
common equity (as referred to in paragraph (A) of this Section 8) and cash
payments, if applicable, in lieu of fractional shares or other interests,
outstanding shares of ESOP Preferred Stock shall, without any action on the part
of the Corporation or any holder thereof (but subject to paragraph (C) of this
Section 8), be automatically converted immediately prior to the consummation of
such merger, consolidation or similar transaction into shares of Common Stock at
the Conversion Price then in effect.

          (C)  If the Corporation shall enter into any agreement providing for
any consolidation or merger or similar transaction described in paragraph (B) of
this Section 8, then the Corporation shall as soon as practicable thereafter
(and in any event at least ten (10) business days before consummation of such
transaction) give notice of such agreement and the material terms thereof to
each holder of ESOP Preferred Stock and each such holder shall have the right to
elect, by written notice to the Corporation, to receive, upon consummation of
such transaction (if and when such transaction is consummated), out of funds
legally available therefor, from the Corporation or the successor of the
Corporation, in redemption of such ESOP Preferred Stock, in lieu of any cash or
other securities which such holder would otherwise be entitled to receive under
paragraph (B) of this Section 8, a cash payment equal to the Liquidation Price
per share on the date fixed for such transaction, plus an amount equal to
accrued (whether or not accumulated) and unpaid dividends thereon to the date
fixed for such transaction.  No such notice of redemption shall be effective
unless given to the Corporation prior to the close of business of the fifth
business day prior to consummation of such transaction, unless the Corporation
or the successor of the Corporation shall waive such prior notice, but any
notice or redemption so given prior to such time may be withdrawn by notice of
withdrawal given to the Corporation prior to the close of business on the fifth
business day prior to consummation of such transaction.

          9.  Anti-dilution Adjustments.
              --------------------------

          (A)(1)  In the event the Corporation shall, at any time or from time
to time while any of the shares of the ESOP Preferred Stock are outstanding, (i)
pay a dividend or make a distribution in respect of the Common Stock in shares

                                      24
<PAGE>

of Common Stock or (ii) subdivide the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
greater number of shares, in each case whether by reclassification of shares,
recapitalization of the Corporation (excluding a recapitalization or reclass-
ification effected by a merger or consolidation to which Section 8 applies) or
otherwise, then, in such event, the Conversion Price shall, subject to the
provisions of paragraphs (E) and (F) of this Section 9, automatically be
adjusted by dividing such Conversion Price by a fraction (the "Section 9(A)
Fraction"), the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event.
Such adjustment to the Conversion Price shall be effective, upon payment of such
dividend or distribution in respect of the Common Stock, as of the record date
for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or
distribution (on a retroactive basis), and in the case of a subdivision shall
become effective immediately as of the effective date thereof.  An adjustment to
the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 9(A)(1) shall have no effect on
the Liquidation Price or the Preferred Dividend Rate of the ESOP Preferred
Stock.

          (2)  In the event the Corporation shall, at any time or from time to
    time while any of the shares of the ESOP Preferred Stock are outstanding,
    combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a lesser number of
    shares, whether by reclassification of shares, recapitalization of the
    Corporation (excluding a recapitalization or reclassification effected by a
    merger, consolidation or other transaction to which Section 8 applies) or
    otherwise, then, in such event, the Conversion Price shall, subject to the
    provisions of paragraph (F) of this Section 9, automatically be adjusted by
    dividing the Conversion Price in effect immediately before such event by the
    Section 9(A) Fraction. An adjustment to the Conversion Price made pursuant
    to this paragraph 9(A)(2) shall be given effect immediately as of the
    effective date of such combination and shall have no effect on the
    Liquidation Price or the Preferred Dividend Rate of the ESOP Preferred
    Stock.

          (B)  In the event the Corporation shall, at any time or from time to
    time while any of the shares of ESOP Preferred Stock are outstanding, issue
    to holders of shares of Common Stock as a dividend or distribu tion,
    including by way of a reclassification of shares

                                      25
<PAGE>

    or a recapitalization of the Corporation, any right or warrant to purchase
    shares of Common Stock (but not including as a right or warrant for this
    purpose any security convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common
    Stock) for a consideration having a Fair Market Value (as hereinafter
    defined) per share less than the Fair Market Value of a share of Common
    Stock on the date of issuance of such right or warrant (other than pursuant
    to any employee or director incentive, compensation or benefit plan or
    arrangement of the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation
    heretofore or hereafter adopted), then, in such event, the Conversion Price
    shall, subject to the provisions of paragraphs (E) and (F) of this Sec-
    tion 9, automatically be adjusted by dividing such Conversion Price by a
    fraction (the "Section 9(B) Fraction"), the numerator of which is the number
    of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such issuance of
    rights or warrants plus the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that
    could be acquired upon exercise in full of all such rights and warrants and
    the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock
    outstanding immediately before such issuance of warrants or rights plus the
    number of shares of Common Stock that could be purchased at the Fair Market
    Value of a share of Common Stock at the time of such issuance for the
    maximum aggregate consideration payable upon exercise in full of all such
    rights and warrants. Such adjustment to the Conversion Price shall be
    effective upon such issuance of rights or warrants. An adjustment to the
    Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 9(B) shall have no effect on the
    Liquidation Price or the Preferred Dividend Rate of the ESOP Preferred
    Stock.

          (C)(1)  In the event the Corporation shall, at any time or from time
    to time while any of the shares of ESOP Preferred Stock are outstanding,
    issue, sell or exchange shares of Common Stock (other than pursuant to (x)
    any right or warrant to purchase or acquire shares of Common Stock
    (including as such a right or warrant for this purpose any security
    convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock) or (y) any
    employee or director incentive, compensation or benefit plan or arrangement
    of the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation heretofore or
    hereafter adopted) at a purchase price per share less than the Fair Market
    Value of a share of Common Stock on the date of such issuance, sale or
    exchange, then, in such

                                      26
<PAGE>

    event, the Conversion Price shall, subject to the provisions of paragraphs
    (E) and (F) of this Section 9, automatically be adjusted by dividing such
    Conversion Price by a fraction (the "Section 9(C)(1) Fraction"), the
    numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
    immediately before such issuance, sale or exchange plus the number of shares
    of Common Stock so issued, sold or exchanged and the denominator of which is
    the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such
    issuance, sale or exchange plus the number of shares of Common Stock that
    could be purchased at the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock at
    the time of such issuance, sale or exchange for the maximum aggregate
    consideration paid therefor.

          (2)  In the event that the Corporation shall, at any time or from time
    to time while any ESOP Preferred Stock is outstanding, issue, sell or
    exchange any right or warrant to purchase or acquire shares of Common Stock
    (including as such a right or warrant for this purpose any security
    convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock other than
    pursuant to any employee or director incentive, compensation or benefit plan
    or arrangement of the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation
    heretofore or hereafter adopted) for a consideration having a Fair Market
    Value, on the date of such issuance, sale or exchange, less than the Non-
    Dilutive Amount (as hereinafter defined), then, in such event, the
    Conversion Price shall, subject to the provisions of paragraphs (E) and (F)
    of this Section 9, automatically be adjusted by dividing such Conversion
    Price by a fraction (the "Section 9(C)(2) Fraction"), the numerator of which
    is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such
    issuance of rights or warrants plus the maximum number of shares of Common
    Stock that could be acquired upon exercise in full of all such rights and
    warrants and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common
    Stock outstanding immediately before such issuance of rights or warrants
    plus the number of shares of Common Stock that could be purchased at the
    Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock at the time of such issuance
    for the total of (x) the maximum aggregate consideration payable at the time
    of the issuance, sale or exchange of such right or warrant and (y) the
    maximum aggregate consideration payable upon exercise in full of all such
    rights or warrants.

                                      27
<PAGE>

          (3)  An adjustment to the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section
    9(C) shall be effective upon the effective date of any issuance, sale or
    exchange described in paragraph (1) or (2) above. Any such adjustment shall
    have no effect on the Liquidation Price or the Preferred Dividend Rate of
    the ESOP Preferred Stock.

          (D)  In the event the Corporation shall, at any time or from time to
    time while any of the shares of ESOP Preferred Stock are outstanding, make
    an Extraordinary Distribution (as hereinafter defined) in respect of the
    Common Stock, whether by dividend, distribution, reclassification of shares
    or recapitalization of the Corporation (including capitalization or
    reclassification effected by a merger or consolidation to which Section 8
    does not apply) or effect a Pro Rata Repurchase (as hereinafter defined) of
    Common Stock, then, in such event, the Conversion Price shall, subject to
    the provisions of paragraphs (E) and (F) of this Section 9, automatically be
    adjusted by dividing such Conversion Price by a fraction (the "Section 9(D)
    Fraction"), the numerator of which is the product of (a) the number of
    shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such Extraordinary
    Distribution or Pro Rata Repurchase minus, in the case of a Pro Rata
    Repurchase, the number of shares of Common Stock repurchased by the
    Corporation multiplied by (b) the Fair Market Value of a share of Common
    Stock on the day before the ex-dividend date with respect to an Extra-
    ordinary Distribution that is paid in cash and on the distribution date with
    respect to an Extraordinary Distribution that is paid other than in cash, or
    on the applicable expiration date (including all extensions thereof) of any
    tender offer that is a Pro Rata Repurchase or on the date of purchase with
    respect to any Pro Rata Repurchase that is not a tender offer, as the case
    may be, and the denominator of which is (i) the product of (x) the number of
    shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such Extraordinary
    Distribution or Pro Rata Repurchase multiplied by (y) the Fair Market Value
    of a share of Common Stock on the day before the ex-dividend date with
    respect to an Extraordinary Distribution that is paid in cash and on the
    distribution date with respect to an Extraordinary Distribution that is paid
    other than in cash, or on the applicable expiration date (including all
    extensions thereof) of any tender offer that is a Pro Rata Repurchase, or on
    the date of purchase with respect to

                                      28
<PAGE>

    any Pro Rata Repurchase that is not a tender offer, as the case may be,
    minus (ii) the Fair Market Value of the Extraordinary Distribution or the
    aggregate purchase price of the Pro Rata Repurchase, as the case may be. The
    Corporation shall send each holder of ESOP Preferred Stock (i) notice of its
    intent to make any Extraordinary Distribution and (ii) notice of any offer
    by the Corporation to make a Pro Rata Repurchase, in each case at the same
    time as, or as soon as practicable after, such offer is first communicated
    to holders of Common Stock or, in the case of an Extraordinary
    Distribution, the announcement of a record date in accordance with the rules
    of any stock exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted to
    trading. Such notice shall indicate the intended record date and the amount
    and nature of such dividend or distribution, or the number of shares subject
    to such offer for a Pro Rata Repurchase and the purchase price payable by
    the Corporation pursuant to such offer, as well as the Conversion Price and
    the number of shares of Common Stock into which a share of ESOP Preferred
    Stock may be converted at such time. An adjustment to the Conversion Price
    pursuant to this Section 9(D) shall be effective (i) in the case of an
    Extraordinary Dividend as of the record date for the determination of
    holders entitled to receive such Extraordinary Dividend (on a retroactive
    basis) and (ii) in the case of a Pro Rata Repurchase upon the expiration
    date thereof (if such Pro Rata Repurchase is a tender offer) or the
    effective date thereof (if such Pro Rata Repurchase is not a tender offer).
    Any such adjustment shall have no effect on the Liquidation Price or the
    Preferred Dividend Rate of the ESOP Preferred Stock.

          (E)  The Board shall have the authority to determine that any
    adjustment to the Conversion Price provided for in paragraph (A)(1), (B),
    (C) or (D) of this Section 9 shall not be made (or if already made, to
    determine that such adjustment shall be cancelled prospectively), and in
    lieu thereof to declare a dividend in respect of the ESOP Preferred Stock in
    shares of ESOP Preferred Stock (a "Special Dividend") in such a manner that
    a holder of ESOP Preferred Stock will become a holder of that number of
    shares of ESOP Preferred Stock equal to the product of the number of such
    shares held prior to such event times the Section 9(A), Section 9(B),
    Section 9(C)(1), Section 9(C)(2) or Section 9(D) Fraction, as appli-

                                      29
<PAGE>

    cable. The declaration of such a Special Dividend shall be authorized, if at
    all, by the Board no later than 30 calendar days following the authorization
    by the Board (or by a committee duly authorized by the Board) of the
    transaction or other event described in any of the foregoing paragraphs
    (A)(1), (B), (C) or (D) that would otherwise result in an adjustment to the
    Conversion Price being made pursuant to any such paragraphs, and if the
    Board does not authorize the declaration of a Special Dividend by the end of
    such 30-day period, then no such Special Dividend shall be declared and the
    adjustment to the Conversion Price provided for in paragraph (A)(1), (B),
    (C) or (D) of this Section 9 shall become final and binding on the
    Corporation and all stockholders of the Corporation. Concurrently with the
    declaration of any Special Dividend pursuant to this paragraph (E), the
    Conversion Price, the Liquidation Price and the Preferred Dividend Rate of
    all shares of ESOP Preferred Stock shall be adjusted by dividing the
    Conversion Price, the Liquidation Price and the Preferred Dividend Rate,
    respectively, in effect immediately before such event by the Section 9(A),
    Section 9(B), Section 9(C)(1), Section 9(C)(2) or Section 9(D) Fraction, as
    appli cable.

          (F)  Unless the Board determines otherwise, and notwithstanding any
    other provision of this Section 9, any adjustment to the Conversion Price
    provided for in any of paragraphs (A), (B), (C) or (D) of this Section 9
    shall not be made unless such adjustment would require an increase or
    decrease of at least one percent (1%) in the Conversion Price and,
    similarly, the Board shall not declare any Special Dividend pursuant to
    paragraph (E) of this Section 9 unless such Special Dividend or adjustment
    would require an increase or decrease of at least one percent (1%) in the
    number of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock outstanding. Any lesser adjustment
    to the Conversion Price or Special Dividend shall be carried forward and
    shall be made no later than the time of, and together with, the next
    subsequent adjustment to the Conversion Price or Special Dividend which,
    together with any adjustment or adjustments or Special Dividend or Dividends
    so carried forward, shall amount to an increase or decrease of at least one
    percent (1%) of the Conversion Price or an increase or decrease of at least
    one percent (1%) in the number of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock
    outstanding, whichever the case be.

                                      30
<PAGE>

          (G)  If the Corporation shall make any dividend or distribution on the
    Common Stock or issue any Common Stock, other capital stock or other
    security of the Corporation or any rights or warrants to purchase or acquire
    any such security, which transaction does not result in an adjustment to the
    Conversion Price or to the number of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock out-
    standing pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 9, the Board
    may, in its sole discretion, consider whether such action is of such a
    nature that some type of equitable adjustment should be made in respect of
    such transaction. If in such case the Board determines that some type of
    adjustment should be made, an adjustment shall be made effective as of such
    date as determined by the Board. The determination of the Board as to
    whether some type of adjustment should be made pursuant to the foregoing
    provisions of this Section 9(G), and, if so, as to what adjustment should be
    made and when, shall be final and binding on the Corporation and all
    stockholders of the Corporation. The Corporation shall be entitled, but not
    required, to make such additional adjustments, in addition to those required
    by the foregoing provisions of this Section 9, as shall be necessary in
    order that any dividend or distribution in shares of capital stock of the
    Corporation, subdivision, reclassification or combination of shares of the
    Corporation or any reclassification of the Corporation shall not be taxable
    to holders of the Common Stock.

          (H)  For purposes hereof, the following definitions shall apply:

          (1)  "Extraordinary Distribution" shall mean any dividend or other
distribution to holders of Common Stock (effected while any of the shares of
ESOP Preferred Stock are outstanding) of (i) cash or (ii) any shares of capital
stock of the Corporation (other than shares of Common Stock), other securities
of the Corporation (other than securities of the type referred to in paragraph
(B) of this Section 9), evidences of indebtedness of the Corporation or any
other person or any other property (including shares of any subsidiary of the
Corporation), or any combination of the foregoing, where the aggregate amount of
such cash dividend or other distribution together with the amount of all cash
dividends and other distributions made during the preceding period of twelve
months, when combined with the aggregate amount of all Pro Rata Repurchases (for
this purpose, including only that portion of the aggregate

                                      31
<PAGE>

purchase price of such Pro Rata Repurchase that is in excess of the Fair Market
Value of the Common Stock repurchased as determined on the applicable expiration
date (including all extensions thereof) of any tender offer or exchange offer
that is a Pro Rata Repurchase, or the date of purchase with respect to any other
Pro Rata Repurchase that is not a tender offer or exchange offer) made during
such period, exceeds twelve and one-half percent (12-1/2%) of the aggregate Fair
Market Value of all shares of Common Stock outstanding on the day before the ex-
dividend date with respect to such Extraordinary Distribution that is paid in
cash and on the distribution date with respect to an Extraordinary Distribution
that is paid other than in cash.  The Fair Market Value of an Extraordinary
Distribution for purposes of paragraph (D) of this Section 9 shall be the sum of
the Fair Market Value of such Extraordinary Distribution plus the aggregate
amount of any cash dividends or other distributions that are not Extraordinary
Distributions made during such twelve-month period and not previously included
in the calculation of an adjustment pursuant to paragraph (D) of this Sec-
tion 9, but shall exclude the aggregate amount of regular quarterly dividends
declared by the Board and paid by the Corporation in such twelve-month period.

          (2)  "Fair Market Value" shall mean, as to shares of Common Stock or
any other class of capital stock or securities of the Corporation or any other
issuer that are publicly traded, the average of the Current Market Prices (as
hereinafter defined) of such shares or securities for each day of the Adjustment
Period (as hereinafter defined). "Current Market Price" of publicly traded
shares of Common Stock or any other class of capital stock or other security of
the Corporation or any other issuer for a day shall mean the last reported sales
price, regular way, or, in case no sale takes place on such day, the average of
the reported closing bid and asked prices, regular way, in either case as
reported on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape or, if such security is
not listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange, on the
principal national securities exchange on which such security is listed or
admitted to trading or, if not listed or admitted to trading on any national
securities exchange, on the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated
Quotation System ("NASDAQ") National Market System or, if such security is not
quoted on such National Market System, the average of the closing bid and asked
prices on such day in the over-the-counter market as reported by NASDAQ or, if
bid and asked prices for such security on such day shall not have been reported
through NASDAQ, the average of the bid and

                                      32
<PAGE>

asked prices for such day as furnished by any New York Stock Exchange member
firm regularly making a market in such security selected for such purpose by the
Board. "Adjustment Period" shall mean the period of five consecutive trading
days, selected by the Board during the twenty (20) trading days preceding, and
including, the date as of which the Fair Market Value of a security is to be
determined.  The "Fair Market Value" of any security that is not publicly traded
or of any other property shall mean the fair value thereof as determined by an
independent investment banking or appraisal firm experienced in the valuation of
such securities or property selected in good faith by the Board, or, if no such
investment banking or appraisal firm is in the good faith judgment of the Board
available to make such determination, as determined in good faith by the Board.

          (3)  "Non-Dilutive Amount" in respect of an issuance, sale or exchange
by the Corporation of any right or warrant to purchase, or acquire shares of
Common Stock (including any security convertible into or exchangeable for shares
of Common Stock) shall mean the difference between (i) the product of the Fair
Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the day preceding the first public
announcement of such issuance, sale or exchange multiplied by the maximum number
of shares of Common Stock that could be acquired on such date upon the exercise
in full of such rights or warrants (including upon the conversion or exchange of
all such convertible or exchangeable securities), whether or not exercisable (or
convertible or exchangeable) at such date, and (ii) the aggregate amount payable
pursuant to such right or warrant to purchase or acquire such maximum number of
shares of Common Stock; provided, however, that in no event shall the Non-
Dilutive Amount be less than zero.  For purposes of the foregoing sentence, in
the case of a security convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common
Stock, the amount payable pursuant to a right or warrant to purchase or acquire
shares of Common Stock shall be the Fair Market Value of such security on the
date of the issuance, sale or exchange of such security by the Corporation.

          (4)  "Pro Rata Repurchase" shall mean any purchase of shares or Common
Stock by the Corporation or any subsidiary thereof, whether for cash, shares of
capital stock of the Corporation, other securities of the Corporation,
evidences of indebtedness of the Corporation or any other person or any other
property (including shares of a subsidiary of the Corporation), or any
combination thereof,

                                      33
<PAGE>

effected while any of the shares of ESOP Preferred Stock are outstanding,
pursuant to any tender offer or exchange offer subject to Section 13(e) of the
Exchange Act, or any successor provision of law, or pursuant to any other offer
available to substantially all holders of Common Stock; provided, however, that
no purchase of shares by the Corporation or any subsidiary thereof made in open
market transactions shall be deemed a Pro Rata Repurchase.  For purposes of this
Section 9(H), shares shall be deemed to have been purchased by the Corporation
or any subsidiary thereof "in open market transactions" if they have been
purchased substantially in accordance with the requirements of Rule 10b-18 as in
effect under the Exchange Act on the date shares of ESOP Preferred Stock are
initially issued by the Corporation or on such other terms and conditions as the
Board shall have determined are reasonably designed to prevent such purchases
from having a material effect on the trading market for the Common Stock.

          (I)  Whenever an adjustment to the Conversion Price of the ESOP
Preferred Stock is required pursuant to this Section 9, the Corporation shall
forthwith place on file with the transfer agent for the Common Stock and the
ESOP Preferred Stock, if there be one, and with the Treasurer of the
Corporation, a statement signed by the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer of
the Corporation stating the adjusted Conversion Price determined as provided
herein.  In addition, whenever a Special Dividend is declared pursuant to
paragraph (E) of this Section 9, (i) the maximum number of shares of ESOP
Preferred Stock shall be adjusted by multiplying 3,902,438 (or such other number
as shall be the maximum number of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock in effect prior
to the authorization of such Special Dividend) by the Section 9(A), Section
9(B), Section 9(C)(1), Section 9(C)(2) or Section 9(D) Fraction, as the case may
be, (ii) the Board shall take action as is necessary so that a sufficient number
of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock are designated with respect to any increase in
the number of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock to be outstanding as a result of
such Special Dividend and (iii) the Corporation shall forthwith place on file
with the transfer agent for the Common Stock and the ESOP Preferred Stock, if
there be one, and with the Treasurer of the Corporation, a statement signed by
the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer of the Corporation stating the adjusted
maximum number of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock, Conversion Price, Liquidation
Price and Preferred Dividend Rate determined as provided herein.  The statement
required by either of the two preceding sentences shall set forth in

                                      34
<PAGE>

reasonable detail such facts as shall be necessary to show the reason and the
manner of computing such adjustments, including any determination of Fair Market
Value involved in such computation.  Promptly after each adjustment to the
maximum number of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock, Conversion Price, the
Liquidation Price, the Preferred Dividend Rate, or the number of shares of ESOP
Preferred Stock outstanding, the Corporation shall mail a notice thereof and of
the then prevailing maximum number of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock, Conversion
Price, Liquidation Price, Preferred Dividend Rate and number of shares of ESOP
Preferred Stock outstanding to each holder of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock.

          10.  Miscellaneous.
               --------------

          (A)  All notices referred to herein shall be in writing, and all
notices hereunder shall be deemed to have given upon the earlier of receipt
thereof of three (3) business days after the mailing thereof if sent by
registered mail (unless first-class mail shall be specifically permitted for
such notice under the terms hereof) with postage prepaid, addressed:  (i) if to
the Corporation, to its office at Two World Trade Center, New York, New York
10048 (Attention:  Secretary) or to the transfer agent for the ESOP Preferred
Stock, or other agent of the Corporation designated as permitted hereof or (ii)
if to any holder of the ESOP Preferred Stock or Common Stock, as the case may
be, to such holder at the address of such holder as listed in the stock record
books of the Corporation (which may include the records of any transfer agent
for Common Stock) or (iii) to such other address as the Corporation or any such
holder, as the case may be, shall have designated by notice similarly given.

          (B)  The term "Common Stock" as used herein means the Corporation's
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, as the same exists at the date of
filing of this Certificate of Designation pursuant to Section 151 of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or any other class of stock resulting
from successive changes or reclassifications of such Common Stock consisting
solely of changes in par value, or par value to without par value, or from
without par value to par value.  In the event that, at any time as a result of
an adjustment made pursuant to Section 9 hereof, the holder of any shares of the
ESOP Preferred Stock upon thereafter surrendering such shares for conversion
shall become entitled to receive any shares or other securities of the
Corporation other than shares of Common Stock, the anti-dilution provisions
contained in Section 9

                                      35
<PAGE>

hereof shall apply in a manner and on terms as nearly equivalent as practicable
to the provisions with respect to Common Stock, and the provisions of Sections 1
through 8 and 10 hereof respect to the Common Stock shall apply on like or
similar terms to any such other shares or securities.

          (C)  The Corporation shall pay any and all stock transfer and
documentary stamp taxes that may be payable in respect of any issuance or
delivery of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock or shares of Common Stock or other
securities issued on account of ESOP Preferred Stock pursuant thereto or
certificates representing such shares or securities.  The Corporation shall not,
however, be required to pay any such tax which may be payable in respect of any
transfer involved in the issuance or delivery of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock
or Common Stock or other securities in a name other than that in which the
shares of ESOP Preferred Stock with respect to which such shares or other
securities are issued or delivered were registered, or in respect of any payment
to any person with respect to any shares or securities other than a payment to
the registered holder thereof, and shall not be required to make any such
issuance, delivery or payment unless and until the person otherwise entitled to
such issuance, delivery or payment has paid to the Corporation the amount of any
such tax or has established, to the satisfaction of the Corporation, that such
tax has been paid or is not payable.

          (D)  In the event that a holder of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock
shall not by written notice designate the name in which shares of Common Stock
to be issued upon conversion or exchange of such shares should be registered or
to whom payment upon redemption of shares of ESOP Preferred Stock should be made
or the address to which the certificate or certificates representing such
shares, or such payment, should be sent, the Corporation shall be entitled to
register such shares, and make such payment, in the name of the holder of such
ESOP Preferred Stock as shown on the records of the Corporation and to send the
certificate or certificates or other documentation repre senting such shares, or
such payment, to the address of such other holder shown on the records of the
Corporation.

          (E)  The Corporation may appoint, and from time to time discharge and
change, a transfer agent for the ESOP Preferred Stock.  Upon any such
appointment or discharge of a transfer agent, the Corporation, shall send notice
thereof by first-class mail, postage prepaid, to each holder of record of ESOP
Preferred Stock.

                                      36
<PAGE>

          B.  This Certificate of Designation shall not become effective until,
and shall become effective at, 12:01 a.m. on May 31, 1997.


          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Dean Witter, Discover & Co. has caused this
Certificate of Designation to be signed by Christine A. Edwards, its Executive
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, this 30th day of May, 1997.


                  DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.


                  By:     /s/ Christine A. Edwards
                       ---------------------------
                       Name:  Christine A. Edwards
                       Title: Executive Vice President,
                              General Counsel & Secretary

                                      37
<PAGE>


              CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS
                                     OF THE
                       7-3/8% CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK
                             ($200.00 Stated Value)
                                       OF
                          DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.

                         ______________________________

                         Pursuant to Section 151 of the
                General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware

                         ______________________________

     The undersigned DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

     A.  The following resolution was duly adopted by the Board of Directors
(the "Board") of Dean Witter, Discover & Co., a Delaware corporation
(hereinafter called the "Corporation"), by unanimous vote thereof at a meeting
on May 28, 1997:

     RESOLVED that, pursuant to authority expressly granted to and vested in the
Board by provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
the Corporation (the "Certificate of Incorporation"), the issuance of a series
of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Preferred Stock"), which
shall consist of 1,000,000 of the shares of Preferred Stock which the
Corporation has authority to issue, is authorized, and the Board hereby fixes
the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or
other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions
thereof, of the shares of such series (in addition to the powers, designations,
preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and
the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, set forth in the
Certificate of Incorporation which may be applicable to the Preferred Stock) as
follows:

        1.  Designation and Amount; Fractional Shares. The designation for such
            ------------------------------------------
     series of the Preferred Stock authorized by this resolution shall be the
     7-3/8%

                                      38
<PAGE>

Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, with a stated value of
$200.00 per share (the "Cumulative Preferred Stock").  The stated value per
share of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall not for any purpose be considered to
be a determination by the Board with respect to the capital and surplus of the
Corporation.  The number of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be
1,000,000.  The Cumulative Preferred Stock is issuable in whole shares only.

     2.  Dividends.  Holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock will be
         ----------
entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board or the Committee (as
hereinafter defined) out of assets of the Corporation legally available for
payment, cash dividends payable quarterly at the rate of 7-3/8% per annum.
Dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock, calculated as a percentage of the
stated value, will be payable quarterly on February 28, May 30, August 30 and
November 30 (each a "dividend payment date"). Dividends on shares of the
Cumulative Preferred Stock will be cumulative from the date of initial issuance
of such shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock.  Dividends will be payable, in
arrears, to holders of record as they appear on the stock books of the
Corporation on such record dates, not more than 60 days nor less than 10 days
preceding the payment dates thereof, as shall be fixed by the Board or the
Committee.  The amount of dividends payable for the initial dividend period or
any period shorter than a full dividend period shall be calculated on the basis
of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.  No dividends may be declared or paid
or set apart for payment on any Parity Preferred Stock (as defined in paragraph
9(b) below) with regard to the payment of dividends unless there shall also be
or have been declared and paid or set apart for payment on the Cumulative
Preferred Stock, like dividends for all dividend payment periods of the
Cumulative Preferred Stock ending on or before the dividend payment date of such
Parity Preferred Stock, ratably in proportion to the respective amounts of
dividends (x) accumulated and unpaid or payable on such Parity Preferred Stock,
on the one hand, and (y) accumulated and unpaid through the dividend payment
period or periods of the Cumulative Preferred Stock next preceding such dividend
payment date, on the other hand.  For the purposes of this Certificate of
Designation, the "Committee" shall mean any committee of the Board to whom the
Board, pursuant to Section 141(c) of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, delegates authority to

                                      39
<PAGE>

perform the functions of the Board set forth in this Certificate of Designation.

     Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, unless full cumulative
dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock have been paid, no dividends (other
than in Common Stock of the Corporation) may be paid or declared and set aside
for payment or other distribution made upon the Common Stock or on any other
stock of the Corporation ranking junior to or on a parity with the Cumulative
Preferred Stock as to dividends, nor may any Common Stock or any other stock of
the Corporation ranking junior to or on a parity with the Cumulative Preferred
Stock as to dividends be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for any
consideration (or any payment be made to or available for a sinking fund for the
redemption of any shares of such stock; provided, however, that any moneys
theretofore deposited in any sinking fund with respect to any Preferred Stock of
the Corporation in compliance with the provisions of such sinking fund may
thereafter be applied to the purchase or redemption of such Preferred Stock in
accordance with the terms of such sinking fund, regardless of whether at the
time of such application full cumulative dividends upon shares of the Cumulative
Preferred Stock outstanding to the last dividend payment date shall have been
paid or declared and set apart for payment) by the Corporation; provided that
any such junior or parity Preferred Stock or Common Stock may be converted into
or exchanged for stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Cumulative
Preferred Stock as to dividends.

     3.  Liquidation Preference.  The shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall
         -----------------------
rank, as to liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, prior to
the shares of Common Stock and any other class of stock of the Corporation
ranking junior to the Cumulative Preferred Stock as to rights upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, so that in the event of any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or
involuntary, the holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive out of the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its
stockholders, whether from capital, surplus or earnings, before any distribution
is made to holders of shares of Common Stock or any other such junior stock, an
amount equal to $200.00 per share (the "Liquidation Preference" of a share of
Cumulative Preferred Stock)

                                      40
<PAGE>

plus an amount equal to all dividends (whether or not earned or declared)
accrued and accumulated and unpaid on the shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock
to the date of final distribution.  The holders of the Cumulative Preferred
Stock will not be entitled to receive the Liquidation Preference until the
liquidation preference of any other class of stock of the Corporation ranking
senior to the Cumulative Preferred Stock as to rights upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up shall have been paid (or a sum set aside therefor
sufficient to provide for payment) in full.  After payment of the full amount of
the Liquidation Preference and such dividends, the holders of shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any further participation in
any distribution of assets by the Corporation.  If, upon any liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation, or
proceeds thereof, distributable among the holders of shares of Parity Preferred
Stock shall be insufficient to pay in full the preferential amount aforesaid,
then such assets, or the proceeds thereof, shall be distributable among such
holders ratably in accordance with the respective amounts which would be payable
on such shares if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full.  For the
purposes hereof, neither a consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or
into any other corporation, nor a merger of any other corporation with or into
the Corporation, nor a sale or transfer of all or any part of the Corporation's
assets for cash or securities shall be considered a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation.

     4.  Conversion.  The Cumulative Preferred Stock is not convertible into
         -----------
shares of any other class or series of stock of the Corporation.

     5.  Voting Rights.  The holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock
         --------------
shall have no voting rights whatsoever, except for any voting rights to which
they may be entitled under the laws of the State of Delaware, and except as
follows:

        (a)  Whenever, at any time or times, dividends payable on the shares of
     Cumulative Preferred Stock or on any Parity Preferred Stock with respect to
     payment of dividends, shall be in arrears for an aggregate number of days
     equal to six calendar quarters or more, whether or not consecutive, the
     holders of the outstanding shares

                                      41
<PAGE>

of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall have the right, with holders of shares of
any one or more other class or series of stock upon which like voting rights
have been conferred and are exercisable (voting together as a class), to elect
two of the authorized number of members of the Board at the Corporation's next
annual meeting of stockholders and at each subsequent annual meeting of
stockholders until such arrearages have been paid or set apart for payment, at
which time such right shall terminate, except as herein or by law expressly
provided, subject to revesting in the event of each and every subsequent default
of the character above mentioned.  Upon any termination of the right of the
holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock as a class to vote for directors
as herein provided, the term of office of all directors then in office elected
by the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall terminate
immediately.

Any director who shall have been so elected pursuant to this paragraph may be
removed at any time, either with or without cause.  Any vacancy thereby created
may be filled only by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock voting separately as a class (together with the
holders of shares of any other class or series of stock upon which like voting
rights have been conferred and are exercisable).  If the office of any director
elected by the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock voting as a class
becomes vacant for any reason other than removal from office as aforesaid, the
remaining director elected pursuant to this paragraph may choose a successor who
shall hold office for the unexpired term in respect of which such vacancy
occurred.  At elections for such directors, each holder of shares of Cumulative
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share held (the holders
of shares of any other class or series of preferred stock having like voting
rights being entitled to such number of votes, if any, for each share of such
stock held as may be granted to them).

     (b)  So long as any shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock remain
outstanding, the consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock outstanding at the

                                      42
<PAGE>

time and all other classes or series of stock upon which like voting rights have
been conferred and are exercisable (voting together as a class) given in person
or by proxy, either in writing or at any meeting called for the purpose, shall
be necessary to permit, effect or validate any one or more of the following:

     (i) the issuance or increase of the authorized amount of any class or
  series of shares ranking prior (as that term is defined in paragraph 9(a)
  hereof) to the shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock; or

     (ii) the amendment, alteration or repeal, whether by merger, consolidation
  or otherwise, of any of the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation
  (including this resolution or any provision hereof) that would materially and
  adversely affect any power, preference, or special right of the shares of
  Cumulative Preferred Stock or of the holders thereof; provided, however, that
  any increase in the amount of authorized Common Stock or authorized Preferred
  Stock or any increase or decrease in the number of shares of any series of
  Preferred Stock or the creation and issuance of other series of Common Stock
  or Preferred Stock, in each case ranking on a parity with or junior to the
  shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends
  and the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up,
  shall not be deemed to materially and adversely affect such powers,
  preferences or special rights.

     (c)  The foregoing voting provisions shall not apply if, at or prior to the
time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required
shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall
have been redeemed or called for redemption and sufficient funds shall have been
deposited in trust to effect such redemption.

     6.  Redemption.  The shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock may be
         -----------
redeemed at the option of the Corporation, as a whole, or from time to time in
part, at any time, upon not less than 30 days'

                                      43
<PAGE>

prior notice mailed to the holders of the shares to be redeemed at their
addresses as shown on the stock books of the Corporation; provided, however,
that shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable prior to
August 30, 1998. Subject to the foregoing, on or after such date, shares of the
Cumulative Preferred Stock are redeemable at $200.00 per share together with an
amount equal to all dividends (whether or not earned or declared) accrued and
accumulated and unpaid to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption.

     If full cumulative dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock have not
been paid, the Cumulative Preferred Stock may not be redeemed in part and the
Corporation may not purchase or acquire any shares of the Cumulative Preferred
Stock otherwise than pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on the same
terms to all holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock.  If fewer than all the
outstanding shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the
Corporation will select those to be redeemed by lot or a substantially
equivalent method.

     If a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to this paragraph 6 and
if, on or before the date fixed for redemption, the funds necessary for such
redemption shall have been set aside by the Corporation, separate and apart from
its other funds, in trust for the pro rata benefit of the holders of the shares
of Cumulative Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, notwithstanding
that any certificates for such shares have not been surrendered for cancelation,
on the redemption date dividends shall cease to accrue on the shares to be
redeemed, and at the close of business on the redemption date the holders of
such shares shall cease to be stockholders with respect to such shares and shall
have no interest in or claims against the Corporation by virtue thereof and
shall have no voting or other rights with respect to such shares, except the
right to receive the moneys payable upon surrender (and endorsement, if required
by the Corporation) of their certificates, and the shares evidenced thereby
shall no longer be outstanding.  Subject to applicable escheat laws, any moneys
so set aside

                                      44
<PAGE>

by the Corporation and unclaimed at the end of two years from the redemption
date shall revert to the general funds of the Corporation, after which reversion
the holders of such shares so called for redemption shall look only to the
general funds of the Corporation for the payment of the amounts payable upon
such redemption.  Any interest accrued on funds so deposited shall be paid to
the Corporation from time to time.

     7.  Authorization and Issuance of Other Securities.  No consent of the
         -----------------------------------------------
holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be required for (a) the creation
of any indebtedness of any kind of the Corporation, (b) the creation, or
increase or decrease in the amount, of any class or series of stock of the
Corporation not ranking prior as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up to the Cumulative Preferred Stock or (c) any increase or decrease
in the amount of authorized Common Stock or any increase, decrease or change in
the par value thereof or in any other terms thereof.

     8.  Amendment of Resolution.  The Board and the Committee each reserves the
         ------------------------
right by subsequent amendment of this resolution from time to time to increase
or decrease the number of shares that constitute the Cumulative Preferred Stock
(but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) and in other
respects to amend this resolution within the limitations provided by law, this
resolution and the Certificate of Incorporation.

     9.  Rank.  For the purposes of this resolution, any stock of any class or
         -----
classes of the Corporation shall be deemed to rank:

         (a) prior to shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, either as to
     dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, if the
     holders of stock of such class or classes shall be entitled by the terms
     thereof to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon
     liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in preference
     or priority to the holders of shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock;

                                      45
<PAGE>

                (b) on a parity with shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock,
        either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up,
        or both, whether or not the dividend rates, dividend payment dates, or
        redemption or liquidation prices per share thereof be different from
        those of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, if the holders of stock of such
        class or classes shall be entitled by the terms thereof to the receipt
        of dividends or of amounts distributed upon liquidation, dissolution or
        winding up, as the case may be, in proportion to their respective
        dividend rates or liquidation prices, without preference or priority of
        one over the other as between the holders of such stock and the holders
        of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock (the term "Parity Preferred
        Stock" being used to refer to any stock on a parity with the shares of
        Cumulative Preferred Stock, either as to dividends or upon liquidation,
        dissolution or winding up, or both, as the context may require); and

                (c) junior to shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, either
        as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both,
        if such class shall be Common Stock or if the holders of the Cumulative
        Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends or of
        amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as
        the case may be, in preference or priority to the holders of stock of
        such class or classes.

       The Cumulative Preferred Stock shall rank prior, as to dividends and upon
  liquidation, dissolution or winding up, to the Common Stock and the
  Corporation's Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, and on a parity
  with (i) the Corporation's ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock, with a
  liquidation value of $35.88 per share, (ii) the Corporation's 7-3/4%
  Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share,
  (iii) the Corporation's Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock, with a
  liquidation value of $200.00 per share,(iv) if issued, the Corporation's 7.82%
  Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of

                                      46
<PAGE>

      $200.00 per share, (v) if issued, the Corporation's 7.80% Cumulative
      Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (vi) if
      issued, the Corporation's 9.00% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a
      liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (vii) if issued, the Corporation's
      8.40% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per
      share, (viii) if issued, the Corporation's 8.20% Cumulative Preferred
      Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share and (ix) if issued,
      the Corporation's 8.03% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation
      value of $200.00 per share.

                                      47
<PAGE>

     B.  This Certificate of Designation shall not become effective until, and
shall become effective at, 12:01 a.m. on May 31, 1997.


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Dean Witter, Discover & Co. has caused this Certificate
of Designation to be signed by Christine A. Edwards, its Executive Vice
President, General Counsel and Secretary, this 30th day of May, 1997.


                                        DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.


                                        By:   /s/ Christine A. Edwards
                                           ----------------------------
                                           Name:  Christine A. Edwards
                                           Title: Executive Vice President,
                                                  General Counsel & Secretary

                                      48
<PAGE>


              CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS
                                     OF THE
                        7.82% CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK

                             ($200.00 Stated Value)

                                       OF

                          DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.

                         ------------------------------

                         Pursuant to Section 151 of the

                General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware

                         ------------------------------


     The undersigned DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

     A.  The following resolution was duly adopted by the Board of Directors
(the "Board") of Dean Witter, Discover & Co., a Delaware corporation
(hereinafter called the "Corporation"), by unanimous vote thereof at a meeting
on May 28, 1997:

     RESOLVED that, pursuant to authority expressly granted to and vested in the
Board by provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
the Corporation (the "Certificate of Incorporation"), the issuance of a series
of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Preferred Stock"), which
shall consist of 611,238 of the shares of Preferred Stock which the Corporation
has authority to issue, is authorized, and the Board hereby fixes the powers,
designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special
rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of the
shares of such series (in addition to the powers, designations, preferences and
relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and the
qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, set forth in the
Certificate of Incorporation which may be applicable to the Preferred Stock) as
follows:

        1.  Designation and Amount; Fractional Shares. The designation for such
            ------------------------------------------
   series of the Preferred Stock authorized by this resolution shall be the
   7.82% Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, with a stated
   value of $200.00 per share (the

                                      49
<PAGE>

"Cumulative Preferred Stock").  The stated value per share of Cumulative
Preferred Stock shall not for any purpose be considered to be a determination by
the Board with respect to the capital and surplus of the Corporation.  The
maximum number of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be 611,238.  The
Cumulative Preferred Stock is issuable in whole shares only.

     2.  Dividends.  Holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock will be
         ----------
entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board or the Committee (as
hereinafter defined) out of assets of the Corporation legally available for
payment, cash dividends payable quarterly at the rate of 7.82% per annum.
Dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock will be payable quarterly on
February 28, May 30, August 30 and November 30 (each a "dividend payment date").
Dividends on shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock will be cumulative from
the date of initial issuance of such shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock.
Dividends will be payable, in arrears, to holders of record as they appear on
the stock books of the Corporation on such record dates, not more than 60 days
nor less than 10 days preceding the payment dates thereof, as shall be fixed by
the Board or the Committee.  The amount of dividends payable for the initial
dividend period or any period shorter than a full dividend period shall be
calculated on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.  No dividends
may be declared or paid or set apart for payment on any Parity Preferred Stock
(as defined in paragraph 9(b) below) with regard to the payment of dividends
unless there shall also be or have been declared and paid or set apart for
payment on the Cumulative Preferred Stock, like dividends for all dividend
payment periods of the Cumulative Preferred Stock ending on or before the
dividend payment date of such Parity Preferred Stock, ratably in proportion to
the respective amounts of dividends (x) accumulated and unpaid or payable on
such Parity Preferred Stock, on the one hand, and (y) accumulated and unpaid
through the dividend payment period or periods of the Cumulative Preferred Stock
next preceding such dividend payment date, on the other hand.  For the purposes
of this Certificate of Designation, the "Committee" shall mean any committee of
the Board to whom the Board, pursuant to Section 141(c) of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, delegates authority to perform the
functions of the Board set forth in this Certificate of Designation.

                                      50
<PAGE>

     Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, unless full cumulative
dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock have been paid, no dividends (other
than in Common Stock of the Corporation) may be paid or declared and set aside
for payment or other distribution made upon the Common Stock or on any other
stock of the Corporation ranking junior to or on a parity with the Cumulative
Preferred Stock as to dividends, nor may any Common Stock or any other stock of
the Corporation ranking junior to or on a parity with the Cumulative Preferred
Stock as to dividends be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for any
consideration (or any payment be made to or available for a sinking fund for the
redemption of any shares of such stock; provided, however, that any moneys
theretofore deposited in any sinking fund with respect to any Preferred Stock of
the Corporation in compliance with the provisions of such sinking fund may
thereafter be applied to the purchase or redemption of such Preferred Stock in
accordance with the terms of such sinking fund, regardless of whether at the
time of such application full cumulative dividends upon shares of the Cumulative
Preferred Stock outstanding to the last dividend payment date shall have been
paid or declared and set apart for payment) by the Corporation; provided, that
any such junior or parity Preferred Stock or Common Stock may be converted into
or exchanged for stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Cumulative
Preferred Stock as to dividends.

     3.  Liquidation Preference.  The shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall
         -----------------------
rank, as to liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, prior to
the shares of Common Stock and any other class of stock of the Corporation
ranking junior to the Cumulative Preferred Stock as to rights upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, so that in the event of any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary of
involuntary, the holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive out of the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its
stockholders, whether from capital, surplus or earnings, before any distribution
is made to holders of shares of Common Stock or any other such junior stock, an
amount equal to $200.00 per share (the "Liquidation Preference" of a share of
Cumulative Preferred Stock) plus an amount equal to all dividends (whether or
not earned or declared) accrued and accumulated and unpaid on the shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock to the date

                                      51
<PAGE>

of final distribution.  The holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock will not
be entitled to receive the Liquidation Preference until the liquidation
preference of any other class of stock of the Corporation ranking senior to the
Cumulative Preferred Stock as to rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding
up shall have been paid (or a sum set aside therefor sufficient to provide for
payment) in full.  After payment of the full amount of the Liquidation
Preference and such dividends, the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred
Stock will not be entitled to any further participation in any distribution of
assets by the Corporation.  If, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation, or proceeds thereof,
distributable among the holders of shares of Parity Preferred Stock shall be
insufficient to pay in full the preferential amount aforesaid, then such assets,
or the proceeds thereof, shall be distributable among such holders ratably in
accordance with the respective amounts which would be payable on such shares if
all amounts payable thereon were paid in full.  For the purposes hereof, neither
a consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into any other corporation,
nor a merger of any other corporation with or into the Corporation, nor a sale
or transfer of all or any part of the Corporation's assets for cash or
securities shall be considered a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation.

     4.  Conversion.   The Cumulative Preferred Stock is not convertible into
         -----------
shares of any other class or series of stock of the Corporation.

     5.  Voting Rights.  The holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock
         --------------
shall have no voting rights whatsoever, except for any voting rights to which
they may be entitled under the laws of the State of Delaware, and except as
follows:

                (a)  Whenever, at any time or times, dividends payable on the
        shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock or on any Parity Preferred Stock
        with respect to payment of dividends, shall be in arrears for an
        aggregate number of days equal to six calendar quarters or more, whether
        or not consecutive, the holders of the outstanding shares of Cumulative
        Preferred Stock shall have the right, with holders of shares of any one
        or more other class or series of stock upon which like

                                      52
<PAGE>

voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable (voting together as a
class), to elect two of the authorized number of members of the Board at the
Corporation's next annual meeting of stockholders and at each subsequent annual
meeting of stockholders until such arrearages have been paid or set apart for
payment, at which time such right shall terminate, except as herein or by law
expressly provided, subject to revesting in the event of each and every
subsequent default of the character above mentioned.  Upon any termination of
the right of the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock as a class to
vote for directors as herein provided, the term of office of all directors then
in office elected by the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall
terminate immediately.

     Any director who shall have been so elected pursuant to this paragraph may
be removed at any time, either with or without cause.  Any vacancy thereby
created may be filled only by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock voting separately as a class (together with the
holders of shares of any other class or series of stock upon which like voting
rights have been conferred and are exercisable).  If the office of any director
elected by the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock voting as a class
becomes vacant for any reason other than removal from office as aforesaid, the
remaining director elected pursuant to this paragraph may choose a successor who
shall hold office for the unexpired term in respect of which such vacancy
occurred.  At elections for such directors, each holder of shares of Cumulative
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share held (the holders
of shares of any other class or series of preferred stock having like voting
rights being entitled to such number of votes, if any, for each share of such
stock held as may be granted to them).

     (b)  So long as any shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock remain
outstanding, the consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock outstanding at the time and all other classes or
series of stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are
exercisable (voting together as a class) given

                                      53
<PAGE>

in person or by proxy, either in writing or at any meeting called for the
purpose, shall be necessary to permit, effect or validate any one or more of the
following:

                (i) the issuance or increase of the authorized amount of any
        class or series of shares ranking prior (as that term is defined in
        paragraph 9(a) hereof) to the shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock;
        or

                (ii) the amendment, alteration or repeal, whether by merger,
        consolidation or otherwise, of any of the provisions of the Certificate
        of Incorporation (including this resolution or any provision hereof)
        that would materially and adversely affect any power, preference, or
        special right of the shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock or of the
        holders thereof; provided, however, that any increase in the amount of
        authorized Common Stock or authorized Preferred Stock or any increase or
        decrease in the number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock or the
        creation and issuance of other series of Common Stock or Preferred
        Stock, in each case ranking on a parity with or junior to the shares of
        Cumulative Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and
        the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up,
        shall not be deemed to materially and adversely affect such powers,
        preferences or special rights.

     (c)  The foregoing voting provisions shall not apply if, at or prior to the
 time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required
 shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall
 have been redeemed or called for redemption and sufficient funds shall have
 been deposited in trust to effect such redemption.

     6.  Redemption.  The shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock may be
         -----------
redeemed at the option of the Corporation, as a whole, or from time to time in
part, at any time, upon not less than 30 days' prior notice mailed to the
holders of the shares to be redeemed at their addresses as shown on the stock
books of the Corporation; provided, however, that shares of the

                                      54
<PAGE>

Cumulative Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable prior to November 30, 1998.
Subject to the foregoing, on or after such date, shares of the Cumulative
Preferred Stock are redeemable at $200.00 per share together with an amount
equal to all dividends (whether or not earned or declared) accrued and
accumulated and unpaid to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption.

     If full cumulative dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock have not
been paid, the Cumulative Preferred Stock may not redeemed in part and the
Corporation may not purchase or acquire any shares of the Cumulative Preferred
Stock otherwise than pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on the same
terms to all holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock.  If fewer than all the
outstanding shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the
Corporation will select those to be redeemed by lot or a substantially
equivalent method.

     If a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to this paragraph 6 and
if, on or before the date fixed for redemption, the funds necessary for such
redemption shall have been set aside by the Corporation, separate and apart from
its other funds, in trust for the pro rata benefit of the holders of the shares
of Cumulative Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, notwithstanding
that any certificates for such shares have not been surrendered for cancelation,
on the redemption date dividends shall cease to accrue on the shares to be
redeemed, and at the close of business on the redemption date the holders of
such shares shall cease to be stockholders with respect to such shares and shall
have no interest in or claims against the Corporation by virtue thereof and
shall have no voting or other rights with respect to such shares, except the
right to receive the moneys payable upon surrender (and endorsement, if required
by the Corporation) of their certificates, and the shares evidenced thereby
shall no longer be outstanding.  Subject to applicable escheat laws, any moneys
so set aside by the Corporation and unclaimed at the end of two years from the
redemption date shall revert to the general funds of the Corporation, after
which reversion the holders of such shares so called for redemption shall look
only to the general funds of the Corporation for the payment of the amounts
payable upon such redemption.  Any interest accrued on funds so deposited shall
be paid to the Corporation from time to time.

                                      55
<PAGE>

     7.  Authorization and Issuance of Other Securities.  No consent of the
         -----------------------------------------------
holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be required for (a) the creation
of any indebtedness of any kind of the Corporation, (b) the creation, or
increase or decrease in the amount, of any class or series of stock of the
Corporation not ranking prior as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up to the Cumulative Preferred Stock or (c) any increase or decrease
in the amount of authorized Common Stock or any increase, decrease or change in
the par value thereof or in any other terms thereof.

     8.  Amendment of Resolution.  The Board and the Committee each reserves the
         ------------------------
right by subsequent amendment of this resolution from time to time to increase
or decrease the number of shares that constitute the Cumulative Preferred Stock
(but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) and in other
respects to amend this resolution within the limitations provided by law, this
resolution and the Certificate of Incorporation.

     9.  Rank.  For the purposes of this resolution, any stock of any class or
         -----
classes of the Corporation shall be deemed to rank:

                (a) prior to shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, either as
        to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, if
        the holders of stock of such class or classes shall be entitled by the
        terms thereof to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable
        upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in
        preference or priority to the holders of shares of the Cumulative
        Preferred Stock;

                (b) on a parity with shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock,
        either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up,
        or both, whether or not the dividend rates, dividend payment dates, or
        redemption or liquidation prices per share thereof be different from
        those of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, if the holders of stock of such
        class or classes shall be entitled by the terms thereof to the receipt
        of dividends or of amounts distributed upon liquidation, dissolution or
        winding up, as the case may be, in proportion to their respective
        dividend rates or

                                      56
<PAGE>

        liquidation prices, without preference or priority of one over the other
        as between the holders of such stock and the holders of shares of
        Cumulative Preferred Stock (the term "Parity Preferred Stock" being used
        to refer to any stock on a parity with the shares of Cumulative
        Preferred Stock, either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution
        or winding up, or both, as the context may require); and

                (c) junior to shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, either
        as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both,
        if such class shall be Common Stock or if the holders of the Cumulative
        Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends or of
        amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as
        the case may be, in preference or priority to the holders of stock of
        such class or classes.

     The Cumulative Preferred Stock shall rank prior, as to dividends and upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, to the Common Stock and the
Corporation's Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, and on a parity
with (i) the Corporation's ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock, with a liquidation
value of $35.88 per share, (ii) the Corporation's 7-3/8% Cumulative Preferred
Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (iii) the Corporation's
7-3/4% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per
share, (iv) the Corporation's Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock,
with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (v) if issued, the Corporation's
7.80% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share,
(vi) if issued, the Corporation's 9.00% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (vii) if issued, the Corporation's 8.40%
Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share,
(viii) if issued, the Corporation's 8.20% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation value of $200.00 per share and (ix) if issued, the Corporation's
8.03% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share.

                                      57
<PAGE>

     B.  This Certificate of Designation shall not become effective until, and
shall become effective at, 12:01 a.m. on May 31, 1997.


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Dean Witter, Discover & Co. has caused this Certificate
of Designation to be signed by Christine A. Edwards, its Executive Vice
President, General Counsel and Secretary, this 30th day of May, 1997.


                                        DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.


                                        By:/s/ Christine A. Edwards
                                           ----------------------------
                                        Name:  Christine A. Edwards
                                        Title: Executive Vice President,
                                               General Counsel & Secretary

                                      58
<PAGE>


              CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS
                                     OF THE
                        7.80% CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK

                             ($200.00 Stated Value)

                                       OF

                          DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.

                          ---------------------------

                         Pursuant to Section 151 of the

                General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware

                          ---------------------------


     The undersigned DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

     A.  The following resolution was duly adopted by the Board of Directors
(the "Board") of Dean Witter, Discover & Co., a Delaware corporation
(hereinafter called the "Corporation"), by unanimous vote thereof at a meeting
on May 28, 1997:

     RESOLVED that, pursuant to authority expressly granted to and vested in the
Board by provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
(the "Certificate of Incorporation"), the issuance of a series of Preferred
Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Preferred Stock"), which shall consist of
1,150,000 of the shares of Preferred Stock which the Corporation has authority
to issue, is authorized, and the Board hereby fixes the powers, designations,
preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and
the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of the shares of such
series (in addition to the powers, designations, preferences and relative,
participating, optional or other special rights, and the qualifications,
limitations or restrictions thereof, set forth in the Certificate of
Incorporation which may be applicable to the Preferred Stock) as follows:

     1.  Designation and Amount; Fractional Shares. The designation for such
         ------------------------------------------
  series of the Preferred Stock authorized by this resolution shall be the 7.80%
  Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, with a stated value of
  $200.00 per share (the "Cumulative Preferred Stock"). The stated value per

                                      59
<PAGE>

share of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall not for any purpose be considered to
be a determination by the Board with respect to the capital and surplus of the
Corporation.  The maximum number of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall
be 1,150,000.  The Cumulative Preferred Stock is issuable in whole shares only.

     2.  Dividends.  Holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock will be
         ----------
entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board or the Committee (as
hereinafter defined) out of assets of the Corporation legally available for
payment, cash dividends payable quarterly at the rate of 7.80% per annum.
Dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock will be payable quarterly on
February 28, May 30, August 30 and November 30 (each a "dividend payment date").
Dividends on shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock will be cumulative from
the date of initial issuance of such shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock.
Dividends will be payable, in arrears, to holders of record as they appear on
the stock books of the Corporation on such record dates, not more than 60 days
nor less than 10 days preceding the payment dates thereof, as shall be fixed by
the Board or the Committee.  The amount of dividends payable for the initial
dividend period or any period shorter than a full dividend period shall be
calculated on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.  No dividends
may be declared or paid or set apart for payment on any Parity Preferred Stock
(as defined in paragraph 9(b) below) with regard to the payment of dividends
unless there shall also be or have been declared and paid or set apart for
payment on the Cumulative Preferred Stock, like dividends for all dividend
payment periods of the Cumulative Preferred Stock ending on or before the
dividend payment date of such Parity Preferred Stock, ratably in proportion to
the respective amounts of dividends (x) accumulated and unpaid or payable on
such Parity Preferred Stock, on the one hand, and (y) accumulated and unpaid
through the dividend payment period or periods of the Cumulative Preferred Stock
next preceding such dividend payment date, on the other hand.  For the purposes
of this Certificate of Designation, the "Committee" shall mean any committee of
the Board to whom the Board, pursuant to Section 141(c) of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, delegates authority to perform the
functions of the Board forth in this Certificate of Designation.

                                      60
<PAGE>

     Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, unless full cumulative
dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock have been paid, no dividends (other
than in Common Stock of the Corporation) may be paid or declared and set aside
for payment or other distribution made upon the Common Stock or on any other
stock of the Corporation ranking junior to or on a parity with the Cumulative
Preferred Stock as to dividends, nor may any Common Stock or any other stock of
the Corporation ranking junior to or on a parity with the Cumulative Preferred
Stock as to dividends be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for any
consideration (or any payment be made to or available for a sinking fund for the
redemption of any shares of such stock; provided, however, that any moneys
theretofore deposited in any sinking fund with respect to any Preferred Stock of
the Corporation in compliance with the provisions of such sinking fund may
thereafter be applied to the purchase or redemption of such Preferred Stock in
accordance with the terms of such sinking fund, regardless of whether at the
time of such application full cumulative dividends upon shares of the Cumulative
Preferred Stock outstanding to the last dividend payment date shall have been
paid or declared and set apart for payment) by the Corporation; provided that
any such junior or parity Preferred Stock or Common Stock may be converted into
or exchanged for stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Cumulative
Preferred Stock as to dividends.

     3.  Liquidation Preference.   The shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock
         -----------------------
shall rank, as to liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation,
prior to the shares of Common Stock and any other class of stock of the
Corporation ranking junior to the Cumulative Preferred Stock as to rights upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, so that in the event
of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether
voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive out of the assets of the Corporation available for
distribution to its stockholders, whether from capital, surplus or earnings,
before any distribution is made to holders of shares of Common Stock or any
other such junior stock, an amount equal to $200.00 per share (the "Liquidation
Preference" of a share of Cumulative Preferred Stock) plus an amount equal to
all dividends (whether or not earned or declared) accrued and accumulated and
unpaid on the shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock to the date

                                      61
<PAGE>

of final distribution.  The holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock will not
be entitled to receive the Liquidation Preference until the liquidation
preference of any other class of stock of the Corporation ranking senior to the
Cumulative Preferred Stock as to rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding
up shall have been paid (or a sum set aside therefor sufficient to provide for
payment) in full.  After payment of the full amount of the Liquidation
Preference and such dividends, the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred
Stock will not be entitled to any further participation in any distribution of
assets by the Corporation.  If, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation, or proceeds thereof,
distributable among the holders of shares of Parity Preferred Stock shall be
insufficient to pay in full the preferential amount aforesaid, then such assets,
or the proceeds thereof, shall be distributable among such holders ratably in
accordance with the respective amounts which would be payable on such shares if
all amounts payable thereon were paid in full.  For the purposes hereof, neither
a consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into any other corporation,
nor a merger of any other corporation with or into the Corporation, nor a sale
or transfer of all or any part of the Corporation's assets for cash or
securities shall be considered a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation.

     4.  Conversion.  The Cumulative Preferred Stock is not convertible into
         -----------
shares of any other class or series of stock of the Corporation.

     5.  Voting Rights.  The holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock
         --------------
shall have no voting rights whatsoever, except for any voting rights to which
they may be entitled under the laws of the State of Delaware, and except as
follows:

        (a)  Whenever, at any time or times, dividends payable on the shares of
   Cumulative Preferred Stock or on any Parity Preferred Stock with respect to
   payment of dividends, shall be in arrears for an aggregate number of days
   equal to six calendar quarters or more, whether or not consecutive, the
   holders of the outstanding shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall have
   the right, with holders of shares of any one or more other class or series of
   stock upon which like

                                      62
<PAGE>

voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable (voting together as a
class), to elect two of the authorized number of members of the Board at the
Corporation's next annual meeting of stockholders and at each subsequent annual
meeting of stockholders until such arrearages have been paid or set apart for
payment, at which time such right shall terminate, except as herein or by law
expressly provided, subject to revesting in the event of each and every
subsequent default of the character above mentioned.  Upon any termination of
the right of the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock as a class to
vote for directors as herein provided, the term of office of all directors then
in office elected by the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall
terminate immediately.

Any director who shall have been so elected pursuant to this paragraph may be
removed at any time, either with or without cause.  Any vacancy thereby created
may be filled only by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock voting separately as a class (together with the
holders of shares of any other class or series of stock upon which like voting
rights have been conferred and are exercisable).  If the office of any director
elected by the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock voting as a class
becomes vacant for any reason other than removal from office as aforesaid, the
remaining director elected pursuant to this paragraph may choose a successor who
shall hold office for the unexpired term in respect of which such vacancy
occurred.  At elections for such directors, each holder of shares of Cumulative
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share held (the holders
of shares of any other class or series of preferred stock having like voting
rights being entitled to such number of votes, if any, for each share of such
stock held as may be granted to them).

     (b)  So long as any shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock remain
outstanding, the consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of
the Cumulative Preferred Stock outstanding at the time and all other classes or
series of stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are
exercisable (voting together as a class)

                                      63
<PAGE>

given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at any meeting called for the
purpose, shall be necessary to permit, effect or validate any one or more of the
following:

        (i) the issuance or increase of the authorized amount of any class or
   series of shares ranking prior (as that term is defined in paragraph 9(a)
   hereof) to the shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock; or

        (ii) the amendment, alteration or repeal, whether by merger,
   consolidation or otherwise, of any of the provisions of the Certificate of
   Incorporation (including this resolution or any provision hereof) that would
   materially and adversely affect any power, preference, or special right of
   the shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock or of the holders thereof; provided,
   however, that any increase in the amount of authorized Common Stock or
   authorized Preferred Stock or any increase or decrease in the number of
   shares of any series of Preferred Stock or the creation and issuance of other
   series of Common Stock or Preferred Stock, in each case ranking on a parity
   with or junior to the shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock with respect to
   the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon liquidation,
   dissolution or winding up, shall not be deemed to materially and adversely
   affect such powers, preferences or special rights.

     (c)  The foregoing voting provisions shall not apply if, at or prior to the
 time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required
 shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall
 have been redeemed or called for redemption and sufficient funds shall have
 been deposited in trust to effect such redemption.

     6.  Redemption.  The shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock may be
         -----------
redeemed at the option of the Corporation, as a whole, or from time to time in
part, at any time, upon not less than 30 days' prior notice mailed to the
holders of the shares to be redeemed at their addresses as shown on the stocks
books of the Corporation; provided, however, that shares of the

                                      64
<PAGE>

Cumulative Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable prior to February 28, 1999.
Subject to the foregoing, on or after such date, shares of the Cumulative
Preferred Stock are redeemable at $200.00 per share together with an amount
equal to all dividends (whether or not earned or declined) accrued and
accumulated and unpaid to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption.

     If full cumulative dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock have not
been paid, the Cumulative Preferred Stock may not be redeemed in part and the
Corporation may not purchase or acquire any shares of the Cumulative Preferred
Stock otherwise than pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on the same
terms to all holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock.  If fewer than all the
outstanding shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the
Corporation will select those to be redeemed by lot or a substantially
equivalent method.

     If a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to this paragraph 6 and
if, on or before the date fixed for redemption, the funds necessary for such
redemption shall have been set aside by the Corporation, separate and apart from
its other funds, in trust for the pro rata benefit of the holders of the shares
of Cumulative Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, notwithstanding
that any certificates for such shares have not been surrendered for cancelation,
on the redemption date dividends shall cease to accrue on the shares to be
redeemed, and at the close of business on the redemption date the holders of
such shares shall cease to be stockholders with respect to such shares and shall
have no interest in or claims against the Corporation by virtue thereof and
shall have no voting or other rights with respect to such shares, except the
right to receive the moneys payable upon surrender (and endorsement, if required
by the Corporation) of their certificates, and the shares evidenced thereby
shall no longer be outstanding.  Subject to applicable escheat laws, any moneys
so set aside by the Corporation and unclaimed at the end of two years from the
redemption date shall revert to the general funds of the Corporation, after
which reversion the holders of such shares so called for redemption shall look
only to the general funds of the Corporation for the payment of the amounts
payable upon such redemption.  Any interest accrued on funds so deposited shall
be paid to the Corporation from time to time.

                                      65
<PAGE>

     7.  Authorization and Issuance of Other Securities.  No consent of the
         -----------------------------------------------
holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be required for (a) the creation
of any indebtedness of any kind of the Corporation, (b) the creation, or
increase or decrease in the amount, of any class or series of stock of the
Corporation not ranking prior as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up to the Cumulative Preferred Stock or (c) any increase or decrease
in the amount of authorized Common Stock or any increase or decrease or change
in the par value thereof or in any other terms thereof.

     8.  Amendment of Resolution.  The Board and the Committee each reserves the
         ------------------------
right by subsequent amendment of this resolution from time to time to increase
or decrease the number of shares that constitute the Cumulative Preferred Stock
(but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) and in other
respects to amend this resolution within the limitations provided by law, this
resolution and the Certificate of Incorporation.

     9.  Rank.  For the purposes of this resolution, any stock of any class or
         -----
classes of the Corporation shall be deemed to rank:

                (a) prior to shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, either as
     to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, if
     the holders of stock of such class or classes shall be entitled by the
     terms thereof to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon
     liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in preference
     or priority to the holders of shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock;

                (b) on a parity with shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock,
     either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or
     both, whether or not the dividend rates, dividend payment dates, or
     redemption or liquidation prices per share thereof be different from those
     of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, if the holders of stock of such class or
     classes shall be entitled by the terms thereof to the receipt of dividends
     or of amounts distributed upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as
     the case may be, in proportion to their respective dividend rates or

                                      66
<PAGE>

        liquidation prices, without preference or priority of one over the other
        as between the holders of such stock and the holders of shares of
        Cumulative Preferred Stock (the term "Parity Preferred Stock" being used
        to refer to any stock on a parity with the shares of Cumulative
        Preferred Stock, either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution
        or winding up, or both, as the context may require); and

            (c)  junior to shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, either as
        to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, if
        such class shall be Common Stock or if the holders of the Cumulative
        Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends or of
        amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as
        the case may be, in preference or priority to the holders of stock in
        such class or classes.

     The Cumulative Preferred Stock shall rank prior, as to dividends and upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, to the Common Stock and the
Corporation's Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, and on a parity
with (i) the Corporation's ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock, with a liquidation
value of $35.88 per share, (ii) the Corporation's 7-3/8% Cumulative Preferred
Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (iii) the Corporation's
7-3/4% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per
share, (iv) the Corporation's Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock,
with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (v) if issued, the Corporation's
7.82% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share,
(vi) if issued, the Corporation's 9.00% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (vii) if issued, the Corporation's 8.40%
Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share,
(viii) if issued, the Corporation's 8.20% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation value of $200.00 per share and (ix) if issued, the Corporation's
8.03% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share.

                                      67
<PAGE>

     B.  This Certificate of Designation shall not become effective until, and
shall become effective at, 12:01 a.m. on May 31, 1997.


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Dean Witter, Discover & Co. has caused this Certificate
of Designation to be signed by Christine A. Edwards, its Executive Vice
President, General Counsel and Secretary, this 30th day of May, 1997.


                                        DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.


                                        By:   /s/ Christine A. Edwards
                                           ----------------------------
                                           Name:  Christine A. Edwards
                                           Title: Executive Vice President,
                                                  General Counsel & Secretary

                                      68
<PAGE>


              CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS
                                     OF THE
                        9.00% CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK

                             ($200.00 Stated Value)

                                       OF

                          DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.

                          __________________________

                         Pursuant to Section 151 of the

                General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware

                          __________________________

     The undersigned DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

     A.  The following resolution was duly adopted by the Board of Directors
(the "Board") of Dean Witter, Discover & Co., a Delaware corporation
(hereinafter called the "Corporation"), by unanimous vote thereof at a meeting
on May 28, 1997:

     RESOLVED that, pursuant to authority expressly granted to and vested in the
Board by provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
the Corporation (the "Certificate of Incorporation"), the issuance of a series
of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Preferred Stock"), which
shall consist of 720,900 of the shares of Preferred Stock which the Corporation
has authority to issue, is authorized, and the Board hereby fixes the powers,
designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special
rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of the
shares of such series (in addition to the powers, designations, preferences and
relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and the
qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, set forth in the
Certificate of Incorporation which may be applicable to the Preferred Stock) as
follows:

         1.  Designation and Amount; Fractional Shares. The designation for such
             ------------------------------------------
   series of the Preferred Stock authorized by this resolution shall be the
   9.00% Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, with a stated
   value of $200.00 per share (the "Cumulative Preferred Stock"). The stated
   value per share of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall not for any

                                      69
<PAGE>

purpose be considered to be a determination by the Board with respect to the
capital and surplus of the Corporation.  The maximum number of shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be 720,900.  The Cumulative Preferred Stock is
issuable in whole shares only.

     2.  Dividends.  Holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock will be
         ----------
entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board or the Committee (as
hereinafter defined) out of assets of the Corporation legally available for
payment, cash dividends payable quarterly at the rate of 9.00% per annum.
Dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock will be payable quarterly on
February 28, May 30, August 30 and November 30 (each a "dividend payment date").
Dividends on shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock will be cumulative from
the date of initial issuance of such shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock.
Dividends will be payable, in arrears, to holders of record as they appear on
the stock books of the Corporation on such record dates, not more than 60 days
nor less than 10 days preceding the payment dates thereof, as shall be fixed by
the Board or the Committee.  The amount of dividends payable for the initial
dividend period or any period shorter than a full dividend period shall be
calculated on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. No dividends
may be declared or paid or set apart for payment on any Parity Preferred Stock
(as defined in paragraph 9(b) below) with regard to the payment of dividends
unless there shall also be or have been declared and paid or set apart for
payment on the Cumulative Preferred Stock, like dividends for all dividend
payment periods of the Cumulative Preferred Stock ending on or before the
dividend payment date of such Parity Preferred Stock, ratably in proportion to
the respective amounts of dividends (x) accumulated and unpaid or payable on
such Parity Preferred Stock, on the one hand, and (y) accumulated and unpaid
through the dividend payment period or periods of the Cumulative Preferred Stock
next preceding such dividend payment date, on the other hand.  For the purposes
of this Certificate of Designation, the "Committee" shall mean any committee of
the Board to whom the Board, pursuant to Section 141(c) of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, delegates authority to perform the
functions of the Board set forth in this Certificate of Designation.

                                      70
<PAGE>

     Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, unless full cumulative
dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock have been paid, no dividends (other
than in Common Stock of the Corporation) may be paid or declared and set aside
for payment or other distribution made upon the Common Stock or on any other
stock of the Corporation ranking junior to or on a parity with the Cumulative
Preferred Stock as to dividends, nor may any Common Stock or any other stock of
the Corporation ranking junior to or on a parity with the Cumulative Preferred
Stock as to dividends be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for any
consideration (or any payment be made to or available for a sinking fund for the
redemption of any shares of such stock; provided, however, that any moneys
theretofore deposited in any sinking fund with respect to any Preferred Stock of
the Corporation in compliance with the provisions of such sinking fund may
thereafter be applied to the purchase or redemption of such Preferred Stock in
accordance with the terms of such sinking fund, regardless of whether at the
time of such application full cumulative dividends upon shares of the Cumulative
Preferred Stock outstanding to the last dividend payment date shall have been
paid or declared and set apart for payment) by the Corporation; provided that
any such junior or parity Preferred Stock or Common Stock may be converted into
or exchanged for stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Cumulative
Preferred Stock as to dividends.

     3.  Liquidation Preference.  The Shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall
         -----------------------
rank, as to liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, prior to
the shares of Common Stock and any other class of stock of the Corporation
ranking junior to the Cumulative Preferred Stock as to rights upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, so that in the event of any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or
involuntary, the holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive out of the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its
stockholders, whether from capital, surplus or earnings, before any distribution
is made to holders of shares of Common Stock or any other such junior stock, an
amount equal to $200.00 per share (the "Liquidation Preference" of a share of
Cumulative Preferred Stock) plus an amount equal to all dividends (whether or
not earned or declared) accrued and accumulated and unpaid on the shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock to the date

                                      71
<PAGE>

of final distribution.  The holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock will not
be entitled to receive the Liquidation Preference until the liquidation
preference of any other class of stock of the Corporation ranking senior to the
Cumulative Preferred Stock as to rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding
up shall have been paid (or a sum set aside therefor sufficient to provide for
payment) in full.  After payment of the full amount of the Liquidation
Preference and such dividends, the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred
Stock will not be entitled to any further participation in any distribution of
assets by the Corporation.  If, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation, or proceeds thereof,
distributable among the holders of shares of Parity Preferred Stock shall be
insufficient to pay in full the preferential amount aforesaid, then such assets,
or the proceeds thereof, shall be distributable among such holders ratably in
accordance with the respective amounts which would be payable on such shares if
all amounts payable thereon were paid in full.  For the purposes hereof, neither
a consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into any other corporation,
nor a merger of any other corporation with or into the Corporation, nor a sale
or transfer of all or any part of the Corporation's assets for cash or
securities shall be considered a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation.

     4.  Conversion.  The Cumulative Preferred Stock is not convertible into
         -----------
shares of any other class or series of stock of the Corporation.

     5.  Voting Rights.  The holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock
         --------------
shall have no voting rights whatsoever, except for any voting rights to which
they may be entitled under the laws of the State of Delaware, and except as
follows:

     (a)  Whenever, at any time or times, dividends payable on the shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock or on any Parity Preferred Stock with respect to
payment of dividends, shall be in arrears for an aggregate number of days equal
to six calendar quarters or more, whether or not consecutive, the holders of the
outstanding shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall have the right, with
holders of shares of any one or more other class or series of stock upon which
like

                                      72
<PAGE>

voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable (voting together as a
class), to elect two of the authorized number of members of the Board at the
Corporation's next annual meeting of stockholders and at each subsequent annual
meeting of stockholders until such arrearages have been paid or set apart for
payment, at which time such right shall terminate, except as herein or by law
expressly provided, subject to revesting in the event of each and every
subsequent default of the character above mentioned.  Upon any termination of
the right of the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock as a class to
vote for directors as herein provided, the term of office of all directors then
in office elected by the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall
terminate immediately.

     Any director who shall have been so elected pursuant to this paragraph may
be removed at any time, either with or without cause.  Any vacancy thereby
created may be filled only by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock voting separately as a class (together with the
holders of shares of any other class or series of stock upon which like voting
rights have been conferred and are exercisable).  If the office of any director
elected by the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock voting as a class
becomes vacant for any reason other than removal from office as aforesaid, the
remaining director elected pursuant to this paragraph may choose a successor who
shall hold office for the unexpired term in respect of which such vacancy
occurred.  At elections for such directors, each holder of shares of Cumulative
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share held (the holders
of shares of any other class or series of preferred stock having like voting
rights being entitled to such number of votes, if any, for each share of such
stock held as may be granted to them).

     (b)  So long as any shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock remain
outstanding, the consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock outstanding at the time and all other classes or
series of stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are
exercisable (voting together as a class) given

                                      73
<PAGE>

in person or by proxy, either in writing or at any meeting called for the
purpose, shall be necessary to permit, effect or validate any one or more of the
following:

     (i) the issuance or increase of the authorized amount of any class or
  series of shares ranking prior (as that term is defined in paragraph 9(a)
  hereof) to the shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock; or

     (ii) the amendment, alteration or repeal, whether by merger, consolidation
  or otherwise, of any of the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation
  (including this resolution or any provision hereof) that would materially and
  adversely affect any power, preference, or special right of the shares of
  Cumulative Preferred Stock or of the holders thereof; provided, however, that
  any increase in the amount of authorized Common Stock or authorized Preferred
  Stock or any increase or decrease in the number of shares of any series of
  Preferred Stock or the creation and issuance of other series of Common Stock
  or Preferred Stock, in each case ranking on a parity with or junior to the
  shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends
  and the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up,
  shall not be deemed to materially and adversely affect such powers,
  preferences or special rights.

     (c)  The foregoing voting provisions shall not apply if, at or prior to the
 time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required
 shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall
 have been redeemed or called for redemption and sufficient funds shall have
 been deposited in trust to effect such redemption.

     6.  Redemption.  The shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock may be
         -----------
redeemed at the option of the Corporation, as a whole, or from time to time, in
part, at any time, upon not less than 30 days' prior notice mailed to the
holders of the shares to be redeemed at their addresses as shown on the stock
books of the Corporation; provided, however, that shares of the

                                      74
<PAGE>

Cumulative Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable prior to February 28, 2000.
Subject to the foregoing, on or after such date, shares of the Cumulative
Preferred Stock are redeemable at $200.00 per share together with an amount
equal to all dividends (whether or not earned or declared) accrued and
accumulated and unpaid to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption.

     If full cumulative dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock have not
been paid, the Cumulative Preferred Stock may not be redeemed in part and the
Corporation may not purchase or acquire any shares of the Cumulative Preferred
Stock otherwise than pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on the same
terms to all holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock.  If fewer than all the
outstanding shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the
Corporation will select those to be redeemed by lot or a substantially
equivalent method.

     If a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to this paragraph 6 and
if, on or before the date fixed for redemption, the funds necessary for such
redemption shall have been set aside by the Corporation, separate and apart from
its other funds, in trust for the pro rata benefit of the holders of the shares
of Cumulative Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, notwithstanding
that any certificates for such shares have not been surrendered for cancelation,
on the redemption date dividends shall cease to accrue on the shares to be
redeemed, and at the close of business on the redemption date the holders of
such shares shall cease to be stockholders with respect to such shares and shall
have no interest in or claims against the Corporation by virtue thereof and
shall have no voting or other rights with respect to such shares, except the
right to receive the moneys payable upon surrender (and endorsement, if required
by the Corporation) of their certificates, and the shares evidenced thereby
shall no longer be outstanding.  Subject to applicable escheat laws, any moneys
so set aside by the Corporation and unclaimed at the end of two years from the
redemption date shall revert to the general funds of the Corporation, after
which reversion the holders of such shares so called for redemption shall look
only to the general funds of the Corporation for the payment of the amounts
payable upon such redemption.  Any interest accrued on funds so deposited shall
be paid to the Corporation from time to time.

                                      75
<PAGE>

     7.  Authorization and Issuance of Other Securities.  No consent of the
         -----------------------------------------------
holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be required for (a) the creation
of any indebtedness of any kind of the Corporation, (b) the creation, or
increase or decrease in the amount, of any class or series of stock of the
Corporation not ranking prior as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up to the Cumulative Preferred Stock or (c) any increase or decrease
in the amount of authorized Common Stock or any increase, decrease or change in
the par value thereof or in any other terms thereof.

     8.  Amendment of Resolution.  The Board and the Committee each reserves the
         ------------------------
right by subsequent amendment of this resolution from time to time to increase
or decrease the number of shares that constitute the Cumulative Preferred Stock
(but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) and in other
respects to amend this resolution within the limitation provided by law, this
resolution and the Certificate of Incorporation.

     9.  Rank.  For the purposes of this resolution, any stock of any class or
         -----
classes of the Corporation shall be deemed to rank:

     (a) prior to shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, either as to
  dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, if the
  holders of stock of such class or classes shall be entitled by the terms
  thereof to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon
  liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in preference or
  priority to the holders of shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock;

     (b) on a parity with shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, either as to
  dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, whether or
  not the dividend rates, dividend payment dates, or redemption or liquidation
  prices per share thereof be different from those of the Cumulative Preferred
  Stock, if the holders of stock of such class or classes shall be entitled by
  the terms thereof to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributed upon
  liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in proportion to
  their respective dividend rates or

                                      76
<PAGE>

  liquidation prices, without preference or priority of one over the other as
  between the holders of such stock and the holders of shares of Cumulative
  Preferred Stock (the term "Parity Preferred Stock" being used to refer to any
  stock on a parity with the shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock, either as to
  dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, as the
  context may require); and

     (c) junior to shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, either as to
  dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, if such
  class shall be Common Stock or if the holders of the Cumulative Preferred
  Stock shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends or of amounts
  distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be,
  in preference or priority to the holders of stock of such class or classes.

     The Cumulative Preferred Stock shall rank prior, as to dividends and upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, to the Common Stock and the
Corporation's Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, and on a parity
with (i) the Corporation's ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock, with a liquidation
value of $35.88 per share, (ii) the Corporation's 7-3/8% Cumulative Preferred
Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (iii) the Corporation's
7-3/4% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per
share, (iv) the Corporation's Series A Fixed/ Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock,
with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (v) if issued, the Corporation's
7.82% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share,
(vi) if issued, the Corporation's 7.80% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (vii) if issued, the Corporation's 8.40%
Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share,
(viii) if issued, the Corporation's 8.20% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation value of $200.00 per share and (ix) if issued, the Corporation's
8.03% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share.

                                      77
<PAGE>

     B.  This Certificate of Designation shall not become effective until, and
shall become effective at, 12:01 a.m. on May 31, 1997.


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Dean Witter, Discover & Co. has caused this Certificate
of Designation to be signed by Christine A. Edwards, its Executive Vice
President, General Counsel and Secretary, this 30th day of May, 1997.


                                        DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.


                                        By:   /s/ Christine A. Edwards
                                           ----------------------------
                                           Name:  Christine A. Edwards
                                           Title: Executive Vice President,
                                                  General Counsel & Secretary

                                      78
<PAGE>

             CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS
                                    OF THE
                       8.40% CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK

                            ($200.00 Stated Value)

                                      OF

                          DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.

                           ________________________

                        Pursuant to Section 151 of the

               General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware

                           ________________________

          The undersigned DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

          A.  The following resolution was duly adopted by the Board of
Directors (the "Board") of Dean Witter, Discover & Co., a Delaware corporation
(hereinafter called the "Corporation"), by unanimous vote thereof at a meeting
on May 28, 1997:

     RESOLVED that, pursuant to authority expressly granted to and vested in the
Board by provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
the Corporation (the "Certificate of Incorporation"), the issuance of a series
of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Preferred Stock"), which
shall consist of 996,776 of the shares of Preferred Stock which the Corporation
has authority to issue, is authorized, and the Board hereby fixes the powers,
designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special
rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of the
shares of such series (in addition to the powers, designations, preferences and
relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and the
qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, set forth in the
Certificate of Incorporation which may be applicable to the Preferred Stock) as
follows:

     1.  Designation and Amount; Fractional Shares. The designation for such
         ------------------------------------------
   series of the Preferred Stock authorized by this resolution shall be the
   8.40% Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, with a stated
   value of $200.00 per share (the "Cumulative Preferred Stock"). The stated
   value per share of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall not for any purpose be
   considered to be a determination by the

                                      79
<PAGE>

Board with respect to the capital and surplus of the Corporation.  The total
number of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be 996,776.  The Cumulative
Preferred Stock is issuable in whole shares only.

     2.  Dividends.  Holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock will be
         ----------
entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board or the Committee (as
hereinafter defined) out of assets of the Corporation legally available for
payment, cash dividends payable quarterly at the rate of 8.40% per annum.
Dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock will be payable quarterly on
February 28, May 30, August 30 and November 30 (each a "dividend payment date").
Dividends on shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock will be cumulative from
the date of initial issuance of such shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock.
Dividends will be payable, in arrears, to holders of record as they appear on
the stock books of the Corporation on such record dates, not more than 60 days
nor less than 10 days preceding the payment dates thereof, as shall be fixed by
the Board or the Committee.  The amount of dividends payable for the initial
dividend period or any period shorter than a full dividend period shall be
calculated on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.  No dividends
may be declared or paid or set apart for payment on any Parity Preferred Stock
(as defined in paragraph 9(b) below) with regard to the payment of dividends
unless there shall also be or have been declared and paid or set apart for
payment on the Cumulative Preferred Stock, like dividends for all dividend
payment periods of the Cumulative Preferred Stock ending on or before the
dividend payment date of such Parity Preferred Stock, ratably in proportion to
the respective amounts of dividends (x) accumulated and unpaid or payable on
such Parity Preferred Stock, on the one hand, and (y) accumulated and unpaid
through the dividend payment period or periods of the Cumulative Preferred Stock
next preceding such dividend payment date, on the other hand.  For the purposes
of this Certificate of Designation, the "Committee" shall mean any committee of
the Board to whom the Board, pursuant to Section 141(c) of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, delegates authority to perform the
functions of the Board set forth in this Certificate of Designation.

     Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, unless full cumulative
dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock have been paid, no dividends (other
than in Common Stock of the Corporation) may be paid or

                                      80
<PAGE>

declared and set aside for payment or other distribution made upon the Common
Stock or on any other stock of the Corporation ranking junior to or on a parity
with the Cumulative Preferred Stock as to dividends, nor may any Common Stock or
any other stock of the Corporation ranking junior to or on a parity with the
Cumulative Preferred Stock as to dividends be redeemed, purchased or otherwise
acquired for any consideration (or any payment be made to or available for a
sinking fund for the redemption of any shares of such stock; provided, however,
that any moneys theretofore deposited in any sinking fund with respect to any
Preferred Stock of the Corporation in compliance with the provisions of such
sinking fund may thereafter be applied to the purchase or redemption of such
Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms of such sinking fund, regardless of
whether at the time of such application full cumulative dividends upon shares of
the Cumulative Preferred Stock outstanding to the last dividend payment date
shall have been paid or declared and set apart for payment) by the Corporation;
provided that any such junior or parity Preferred Stock or Common Stock may be
converted into or exchanged for stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the
Cumulative Preferred Stock as to dividends.

     3.  Liquidation Preference.  The shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall
         -----------------------
rank, as to liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, prior to
the shares of Common Stock and any other class of stock of the Corporation
ranking junior to the Cumulative Preferred Stock as to rights upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, so that in the event of any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or
involuntary, the holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive out of the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its
stockholders, whether from capital, surplus or earnings, before any distribution
is made to holders of shares of Common Stock or any other such junior stock, an
amount equal to $200.00 per share (the "Liquidation Preference" of a share of
Cumulative Preferred Stock) plus an amount equal to all dividends (whether or
not earned or declared) accrued and accumulated and unpaid on the shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock to the date of final distribution.  The holders of
the Cumulative Preferred Stock will not be entitled to receive the Liquidation
Preference until the liquidation preference of any other class of stock of the
Corporation ranking senior to the Cumulative Preferred Stock as to rights

                                      81
<PAGE>

upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up shall have been paid (or a sum set
aside therefor sufficient to provide for payment) in full.  After payment of the
full amount of the Liquidation Preference and such dividends, the holders of
shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any further
participation in any distribution of assets by the Corporation.  If, upon any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of the
Corporation, or proceeds thereof, distributable among the holders of shares of
Parity Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to pay in full the preferential
amount aforesaid, then such assets, or the proceeds thereof, shall be
distributable among such holders ratably in accordance with the respective
amounts which would be payable on such shares if all amounts payable thereon
were paid in full.  For the purposes hereof, neither a consolidation or merger
of the Corporation with or into any other corporation, nor a merger of any other
corporation with or into the Corporation, nor a sale or transfer of all or any
part of the Corporation's assets for cash or securities shall be considered a
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation.

     4.  Conversion.  The Cumulative Preferred Stock is not convertible into
         -----------
shares of any other class or series of stock of the Corporation.

     5.  Voting Rights.  The holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock
         --------------
shall have no voting rights whatsoever, except for any voting rights to which
they may be entitled under the laws of the State of Delaware, and except as
follows:

          (a)  Whenever, at any time or times, dividends payable on the shares
   of Cumulative Preferred Stock or on any Parity Preferred Stock with respect
   to payment of dividends, shall be in arrears for an aggregate number of days
   equal to six calendar quarters or more, whether or not consecutive, the
   holders of the outstanding shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall have
   the right, with holders of shares of any one or more other class or series of
   stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable
   (voting together as a class), to elect two of the authorized number of
   members of the Board at the Corporation's next annual meeting of stockholders
   and at each subsequent annual meeting of stockholders until such arrearages
   have been

                                      82
<PAGE>

paid or set apart for payment, at which time such right shall terminate, except
as herein or by law expressly provided, subject to revesting in the event of
each and every subsequent default of the character above mentioned.  Upon any
termination of the right of the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock
as a class to vote for directors as herein provided, the term of office of all
directors then in office elected by the holders of shares of Cumulative
Preferred Stock shall terminate immediately.

Any director who shall have been so elected pursuant to this paragraph may be
removed at any time, either with or without cause.  Any vacancy thereby created
may be filled only by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock voting separately as a class (together with the
holders of shares of any other class or series of stock upon which like voting
rights have been conferred and are exercisable).  If the office of any director
elected by the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock voting as a class
becomes vacant for any reason other than removal from office as aforesaid, the
remaining director elected pursuant to this paragraph may choose a successor who
shall hold office for the unexpired term in respect of which such vacancy
occurred.  At elections for such directors, each holder of shares of Cumulative
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share held (the holders
of shares of any other class or series of preferred stock having like voting
rights being entitled to such number of votes, if any, for each share of such
stock held as may be granted to them).

     (b)  So long as any shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock remain
outstanding, the consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock outstanding at the time and all other classes or
series of stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are
exercisable (voting together as a class) given in person or by proxy, either in
writing or at any meeting called for the purpose, shall be necessary to permit,
effect or validate any one or more of the following:

                (i) the issuance or increase of the authorized amount of any
           class or series of

                                      83
<PAGE>

     shares ranking prior (as that term is defined in paragraph 9(a) hereof) to
     the shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock; or

                (ii) the amendment, alteration or repeal, whether by merger,
      consolidation or otherwise, of any of the provisions of the Certificate of
      Incorporation (including this resolution or any provision hereof) that
      would materially and adversely affect any power, preference, or special
      right of the shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock or of the holders
      thereof; provided, however, that any increase in the amount of authorized
      Common Stock or authorized Preferred Stock or any increase or decrease in
      the number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock or the creation and
      issuance of other series of Common Stock or Preferred Stock, in each case
      ranking on a parity with or junior to the shares of Cumulative Preferred
      Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of
      assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, shall not be deemed to
      materially and adversely affect such powers, preferences or special
      rights.

        (c)  The foregoing voting provisions shall not apply if, at or prior to
   the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be
   required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Cumulative Preferred
   Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption and sufficient funds
   shall have been deposited in trust to effect such redemption.

     6.  Redemption.  The shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock may be
         -----------
redeemed at the option of the Corporation, as a whole, or from time to time in
part, at any time, upon not less than 30 days' prior notice mailed to the
holders of the shares to be redeemed at their addresses as shown on the stock
books of the Corporation; provided, however, that shares of the Cumulative
Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable prior to August 30, 2000.  Subject to
the foregoing, on or after such date, shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock
are redeemable at $200.00 per share together with an amount equal to all
dividends (whether or not earned or declared) accrued and accumulated and unpaid
to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption.

                                      84
<PAGE>

     If full cumulative dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock have not
been paid, the Cumulative Preferred Stock may not be redeemed in part and the
Corporation may not purchase or acquire any shares of the Cumulative Preferred
Stock otherwise than pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on the same
terms to all holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock. If fewer than all the
outstanding shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the
Corporation will select those to be redeemed by lot or a substantially
equivalent method.

     If a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to this paragraph 6 and
if, on or before the date fixed for redemption, the funds necessary for such
redemption shall have been set aside by the Corporation, separate and apart from
its other funds, in trust for the pro rata benefit of the holders of the shares
of Cumulative Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, notwithstanding
that any certificates for such shares have not been surrendered for cancelation,
on the redemption date dividends shall cease to accrue on the shares to be
redeemed, and at the close of business on the redemption date the holders of
such shares shall cease to be stockholders with respect to such shares and shall
have no interest in or claims against the Corporation by virtue thereof and
shall have no voting or other rights with respect to such shares, except the
right to receive the moneys payable upon surrender (and endorsement, if required
by the Corporation) of their certificates, and the shares evidenced thereby
shall no longer be outstanding.  Subject to applicable escheat laws, any moneys
so set aside by the Corporation and unclaimed at the end of two years from the
redemption date shall revert to the general funds of the Corporation, after
which reversion the holders of such shares so called for redemption shall look
only to the general funds of the Corporation for the payment of the amounts
payable upon such redemption.  Any interest accrued on funds so deposited shall
be paid to the Corporation from time to time.

     7.  Authorization and Issuance of Other Securities.  No consent of the
         -----------------------------------------------
holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be required for (a) the creation
of any indebtedness of any kind of the Corporation, (b) the creation, or
increase or decrease in the amount, of any class or series of stock of the
Corporation not ranking prior as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up to the Cumulative Preferred Stock or (c) any increase or

                                      85
<PAGE>

decrease in the amount of authorized Common Stock or any increase, decrease or
change in the par value thereof or in any other terms thereof.

     8.  Amendment of Resolution.  The Board and the Committee each reserves the
         ------------------------
right by subsequent amendment of this resolution from time to time to increase
or decrease the number of shares that constitute the Cumulative Preferred Stock
(but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) and in other
respects to amend this resolution within the limitations provided by law, this
resolution and the Certificate of Incorporation.

     9.  Rank.  For the purposes of this resolution, any stock of any class or
         -----
classes of the Corporation shall be deemed to rank:

            (a) prior to shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, either as to
     dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, if the
     holders of stock of such class or classes shall be entitled by the terms
     thereof to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon
     liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in preference
     or priority to the holders of shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock;

            (b) on a parity with shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock,
    either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or
    both, whether or not the dividend rates, dividend payment dates, or
    redemption or liquidation prices per share thereof be different from those
    of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, if the holders of stock of such class or
    classes shall be entitled by the terms thereof to the receipt of dividends
    or of amounts distributed upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as
    the case may be, in proportion to their respective dividend rates or
    liquidation prices, without preference or priority of one over the other as
    between the holders of such stock and the holders of shares of Cumulative
    Preferred Stock (the term "Parity Preferred Stock" being used to refer to
    any stock on a parity with the shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock, either
    as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, as
    the context may require); and

                                      86
<PAGE>

          (c) junior to shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, either as to
    dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, if such
    class shall be Common Stock or if the holders of the Cumulative Preferred
    Stock shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends or of amounts
    distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may
    be, in preference or priority to the holders of stock of such class or
    classes.

     The Cumulative Preferred Stock shall rank prior, as to dividends and upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, to the Common Stock and the
Corporation's Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, and on a parity
with (i) the Corporation's ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock, with a liquidation
value of $35.88 per share, (ii) the Corporation's 7-3/8% Cumulative Preferred
Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (iii) the Corporation's
7-3/4% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per
share, (iv) the Corporation's Series A Fixed/ Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock,
with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (v) if issued, the Corporation's
7.82% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share,
(vi) if issued, the Corporation's 7.80% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (vii) if issued, the Corporation's 9.00%
Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share,
(viii) if issued, the Corporation's 8.20% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation value of $200.00 per share and (ix) if issued, the Corporation's
8.03% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share.

                                      87
<PAGE>

          B.  This Certificate of Designation shall not become effective until,
and shall become effective at, 12:01 a.m. on May 31, 1997.


          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Dean Witter, Discover & Co. has caused this
Certificate of Designation to be signed by Christine A. Edwards, its Executive
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, this 30th day of May, 1997.


                                         DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.


                                         By:/s/ Christine A. Edwards
                                            ----------------------------
                                         Name:  Christine A. Edwards
                                         Title: Executive Vice President,
                                                General Counsel & Secretary

                                      88
<PAGE>

              CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS
                                     OF THE
                        8.20% CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK

                             ($200.00 Stated Value)

                                       OF

                          DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.

                         ______________________________

                         Pursuant to Section 151 of the

                General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware

                         ______________________________

     The undersigned DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

     A.  The following resolution was duly adopted by the Board of Directors
(the "Board") of Dean Witter, Discover & Co., a Delaware corporation
(hereinafter called the "Corporation"), by unanimous vote thereof at a meeting
on May 28, 1997:

     RESOLVED that, pursuant to authority expressly granted to and vested in the
Board by provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
the Corporation (the "Certificate of Incorporation"), the issuance of a series
of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Preferred Stock"), which
shall consist of 847,500 of the shares of Preferred Stock which the Corporation
has authority to issue, is authorized, and the Board hereby fixes the powers,
designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special
rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of the
shares of such series (in addition to the powers, designations, preferences and
relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and the
qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, set forth in the
Certificate of Incorporation which may be applicable to the Preferred Stock) as
follows:

         1.  Designation and Amount; Fractional Shares. The designation for such
             ------------------------------------------
             series of the Preferred Stock authorized by this resolution shall
             be the 8.20% Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share,

                                      89
<PAGE>

with a stated value of $200.00 per share (the "Cumulative Preferred Stock").
The stated value per share of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall not for any
purpose be considered to be a determination by the Board with respect to the
capital and surplus of the Corporation.  The total number of shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be 847,500.  The Cumulative Preferred Stock is
issuable in whole shares only.

     2.  Dividends.  Holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock will be
         ----------
entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board or the Committee (as
hereinafter defined) out of assets of the Corporation legally available for
payment, cash dividends payable quarterly at the rate of 8.20% per annum.
Dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock will be payable quarterly on
February 28, May 30, August 30 and November 30 (each a "dividend payment
date"). Dividends on shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock will be cumulative
from the date of initial issuance of such shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock.
Dividends will be payable, in arrears, to holders of record as they appear on
the stock books of the Corporation on such record dates, not more than 60 days
nor less than 10 days preceding the payment dates thereof, as shall be fixed by
the Board or the Committee.  The amount of dividends payable for the initial
dividend period or any period shorter than a full dividend period shall be
calculated on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.  No dividends
may be declared or paid or set apart for payment on any Parity Preferred Stock
(as defined in paragraph 9(b) below) with regard to the payment of dividends
unless there shall also be or have been declared and paid or set apart for
payment on the Cumulative Preferred Stock, like dividends for all dividend
payment periods of the Cumulative Preferred Stock ending on or before the
dividend payment date of such Parity Preferred Stock, ratably in proportion to
the respective amounts of dividends (x) accumulated and unpaid or payable on
such Parity Preferred Stock, on the one hand, and (y) accumulated and unpaid
through the dividend payment period or periods of the Cumulative Preferred Stock
next preceding such dividend payment date, on the other hand.  For the purposes
of this Certificate of Designation, the "Committee" shall mean any committee of
the Board to whom the Board, pursuant to Section 141(c) of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, delegates authority to perform the
functions of the Board set forth in this Certificate of Designation.

                                      90
<PAGE>

     Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, unless full cumulative
dividends on the Cumulative Preferred stock have been paid, no dividends (other
than in Common Stock of the Corporation) may be paid or declared and set aside
for payment or other distribution made upon the Common Stock or on any other
stock of the Corporation ranking junior to or on a parity with the Cumulative
Preferred Stock as to dividends, nor may any Common Stock or any other stock of
the Corporation ranking junior to or on a parity with the Cumulative Preferred
Stock as to dividends be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for any
consideration (or any payment be made to or available for a sinking fund for the
redemption of any shares of such stock; provided, however, that any moneys
theretofore deposited in any sinking fund with respect to any Preferred Stock of
the Corporation in compliance with the provisions of such sinking fund may
thereafter be applied to the purchase or redemption of such Preferred Stock in
accordance with the terms of such sinking fund, regardless of whether at the
time of such application full cumulative dividends upon shares of the Cumulative
Preferred Stock outstanding to the last dividend payment date shall have been
paid or declared and set apart for payment) by the Corporation; provided that
any such junior or parity Preferred Stock or Common Stock may be converted into
or exchanged for stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Cumulative
Preferred Stock as to dividends.

     3.  Liquidation Preference.  The shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall
         -----------------------
rank, as to liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, prior to
the shares of Common Stock and any other class of stock of the Corporation
ranking junior to the Cumulative Preferred Stock as to rights upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, so that in the event of any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or
involuntary, the holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive out of the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its
stockholders, whether from capital, surplus or earnings, before any distribution
is made to holders of shares of Common Stock or any other such junior stock, an
amount equal to $200.00 per share (the "Liquidation Preference" of a share of
Cumulative Preferred Stock) plus an amount equal to all dividends (whether or
not earned or declared) accrued and accumulated and unpaid on the shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock to the date

                                      91
<PAGE>

of final distribution.  The holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock will not
be entitled to receive the Liquidation Preference until the liquidation
preference of any other class of stock of the Corporation ranking senior to the
Cumulative Preferred Stock as to rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding
up shall have been paid (or a sum set aside therefor sufficient to provide for
payment) in full.  After payment of the full amount of the Liquidation
Preference and such dividends, the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred
Stock will not be entitled to any further participation in any distribution of
assets by the Corporation.  If, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation, or proceeds thereof,
distributable among the holders of shares of Parity Preferred Stock shall be
insufficient to pay in full the preferential amount aforesaid, then such assets,
or the proceeds thereof, shall be distributable among such holders ratably in
accordance with the respective amounts which would be payable on such shares if
all amounts payable thereon were paid in full.  For the purposes hereof, neither
a consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into any other corporation,
nor a merger of any other corporation with or into the Corporation, nor a sale
or transfer of all or any part of the Corporation's assets for cash or
securities shall be considered a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation.

     4.  Conversion.  The Cumulative Preferred Stock is not convertible into
         -----------
shares of any other class or series of stock of the Corporation.

     5.  Voting Rights.  The holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock
         --------------
shall have no voting rights whatsoever, except for any voting rights to which
they may be entitled under the laws of the State of Delaware, and except as
follows:

         (a)  Whenever, at any time or times, dividends payable on the shares of
    Cumulative Preferred Stock or on any Parity Preferred Stock with respect to
    payment of dividends, shall be in arrears for an aggregate number of days
    equal to six calendar quarters or more, whether or not consecutive, the
    holders of the outstanding shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall have
    the right, with holders of shares of any one or more other class or series
    of stock upon which like

                                      92
<PAGE>

voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable (voting together as a
class), to elect two of the authorized number of members of the Board at the
Corporation's next annual meeting of stockholders and at each subsequent annual
meeting of stockholders until such arrearages have been paid or set apart for
payment, at which time such right shall terminate, except as herein or by law
expressly provided, subject to revesting in the event of each and every
subsequent default of the character above mentioned.  Upon any termination of
the right of the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock as a class to
vote for directors as herein provided, the term of office of all directors then
in office elected by the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall
terminate immediately.

     Any director who shall have been so elected pursuant to this paragraph may
be removed at any time, either with or without cause.  Any vacancy thereby
created may be filled only by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock voting separately as a class (together with the
holders of shares of any other class or series of stock upon which like voting
rights have been conferred and are exercisable).  If the office of any director
elected by the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock voting as a class
becomes vacant for any reason other than removal from office as aforesaid, the
remaining director elected pursuant to this paragraph may choose a successor who
shall hold office for the unexpired term in respect of which such vacancy
occurred.  At elections for such directors, each holder of shares of Cumulative
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share held (the holders
of shares of any other class or series of preferred stock having like voting
rights being entitled to such number of votes, if any, for each share of such
stock held as may be granted to them).

     (b)  So long as any shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock remain
outstanding, the consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock outstanding at the time and all other classes or
series of stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are
exercisable (voting together as a class) given

                                      93
<PAGE>

in person or by proxy, either in writing or at any meeting called for the
purpose, shall be necessary to permit, effect or validate any one or more of the
following:

          (i) the issuance or increase of the authorized amount of any class or
    series of shares ranking prior (as that term is defined in paragraph 9(a)
    hereof) to the shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock; or

          (ii) the amendment, alteration or repeal, whether by merger,
    consolidation or otherwise, of any of the provisions of the Certificate of
    Incorporation (including this resolution or any provision hereof) that would
    materially and adversely affect any power, preference, or special right of
    the shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock or of the holders thereof;
    provided, however, that any increase in the amount of authorized Common
    Stock or authorized Preferred Stock or any increase or decrease in the
    number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock or the creation and
    issuance of other series of Common Stock or Preferred Stock, in each case
    ranking on a parity with or junior to the shares of Cumulative Preferred
    Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of
    assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, shall not be deemed to
    materially and adversely affect such powers, preferences or special rights.

     (c)  The foregoing voting provisions shall not apply if, at or prior to the
time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required
shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall
have been redeemed or called for redemption and sufficient funds shall have been
deposited in trust to effect such redemption.

     6.  Redemption.  The shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock may be
         -----------
redeemed at the option of the Corporation, as a whole, or from time to time in
part, at any time, upon not less than 30 days' prior notice mailed to the
holders of the shares to be redeemed at their addresses as shown on the stock
books of the Corporation; provided, however, that shares of the

                                      94
<PAGE>

Cumulative Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable prior to November 30, 2000.
Subject to the foregoing, on or after such date, shares of the Cumulative
Preferred Stock are redeemable at $200.00 per share together with an amount
equal to all dividends (whether or not earned or declared) accrued and
accumulated and unpaid to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption.

     If full cumulative dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock have not
been paid, the Cumulative Preferred Stock may not be redeemed in part and the
Corporation may not purchase or acquire any shares of the Cumulative Preferred
Stock otherwise than pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on the same
terms to all holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock.  If fewer than all the
outstanding shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the
Corporation will select those to be redeemed by lot or a substantially
equivalent method.

     If a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to this paragraph 6 and
if, on or before the date fixed for redemption, the funds necessary for such
redemption shall have been set aside by the Corporation, separate and apart from
its other funds, in trust for the pro rata benefit of the holders of the shares
of Cumulative Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, notwithstanding
that any certificates for such shares have not been surrendered for cancelation,
on the redemption date dividends shall cease to accrue on the shares to be
redeemed, and at the close of business on the redemption date the holders of
such shares shall cease to be stockholders with respect to such shares and shall
have no interest in or claims against the Corporation by virtue thereof and
shall have no voting or other rights with respect to such shares, except the
right to receive the moneys payable upon surrender (and endorsement, if required
by the Corporation) of their certificates, and the shares evidenced thereby
shall no longer be outstanding.  Subject to applicable escheat laws, any moneys
so set aside by the Corporation and unclaimed at the end of two years from the
redemption date shall revert to the general funds of the Corporation, after
which reversion the holders of such shares so called for redemption shall look
only to the general funds of the Corporation for the payment of the amounts
payable upon such redemption.  Any interest accrued on funds so deposited shall
be paid to the Corporation from time to time.

                                      95
<PAGE>

     7.  Authorization and Issuance of Other Securities.  No consent of the
         -----------------------------------------------
holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be required for (a) the creation
of any indebtedness of any kind of the Corporation, (b) the creation, or
increase or decrease in the amount, of any class or series of stock of the
Corporation not ranking prior as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up to the Cumulative Preferred Stock or (c) any increase or decrease
in the amount of authorized Common  Stock or any increase, decrease or change in
the par value thereof or in any other terms thereof.

     8.  Amendment of Resolution.  The Board and the Committee each reserves the
         ------------------------
right by subsequent amendment of this resolution from time to time to increase
or decrease the number of shares that constitute the Cumulative Preferred Stock
(but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) and in other
respects to amend this resolution within the limitations provided by law, this
resolution and the Certificate of Incorporation.

     9.  Rank.  For the purposes of this resolution, any stock of any class or
         -----
classes of the Corporation shall be deemed to rank:

       (a) prior to shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, either as to
    dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, if the
    holders of stock of such class or classes shall be entitled by the terms
    thereof to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon
    liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in preference or
    priority to the holders of shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock;

       (b) on a parity with shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, either as
    to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both whether
    or not the dividend rates, dividend payment dates, or redemption or
    liquidation prices per share thereof be different from those of the
    Cumulative Preferred Stock, if the holders of stock of such class or classes
    shall be entitled by the terms thereof to the receipt of dividends or of
    amounts distributed upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case
    may be, in proportion to their respective dividend rates or

                                      96
<PAGE>

    liquidation prices, without preference or priority of one over the other as
    between the holders of such stock and the holders of shares of Cumulative
    Preferred Stock (the term "Parity Preferred Stock" being used to refer to
    any stock on a parity with the shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock, either
    as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, as
    the context may require); and

        (c) junior to shares of the Cumulative Preferred stock, either as to
    dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, if such
    class shall be Common Stock or if the holders of the Cumulative Preferred
    Stock shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends or of amounts
    distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may
    be, in preference or priority to the holders of stock of such class or
    classes.

     The Cumulative Preferred Stock shall rank prior, as to dividends and upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, to the Common Stock and the
Corporation's Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, and on a parity
with (i) the Corporation's ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock, with a liquidation
value of $35.88 per share, (ii) the Corporation's 7-3/8% Cumulative Preferred
Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (iii) the Corporation's
7-3/4% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per
share, (iv) the Corporation's Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock,
with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (v) if issued, the Corporation's
7.82% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share,
(vi) if issued, the Corporation's 7.80% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (vii) if issued, the Corporation's 9.00%
Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share,
(viii) if issued, the Corporation's 8.40% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation value of $200.00 per share and (ix) if issued, the Corporation's
8.03% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share.

                                      97
<PAGE>

     B.  This Certificate of Designation shall not become effective until, and
shall become effective at, 12:01 a.m. on May 31, 1997.


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Dean Witter, Discover & Co. has caused this Certificate
of Designation to be signed by Christine A. Edwards, its Executive Vice
President, General Counsel and Secretary, this 30th day of May, 1997.


                                        DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.


                                        By:   /s/ Christine A. Edwards
                                           ----------------------------
                                           Name:  Christine A. Edwards
                                           Title: Executive Vice President,
                                                  General Counsel & Secretary

                                      98
<PAGE>


              CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS
                                     OF THE
                       7-3/4% CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK

                             ($200.00 Stated Value)

                                       OF

                          DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.

                          ---------------------------

                         Pursuant to Section 151 of the

                General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware

                          ---------------------------


     The undersigned DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

     A.  The following resolution was duly adopted by the Board of Directors
(the "Board") of Dean Witter, Discover & Co., a Delaware corporation
(hereinafter called the "Corporation"), by unanimous vote thereof at a meeting
on May 28, 1997:

     RESOLVED that, pursuant to authority expressly granted to and vested in the
Board by provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
the Corporation (the "Certificate of Incorporation"), the issuance of a series
of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Preferred Stock"), which
shall consist of 1,000,000 of the shares of Preferred Stock which the
Corporation has authority to issue, is authorized, and the Board hereby fixes
the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or
other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions
thereof, of the shares of such series (in addition to the powers, designations,
preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights, and
the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, set forth in the
Certificate of Incorporation which may be applicable to the Preferred Stock) as
follows:

     1.  Designation and Amount; Fractional Shares. The designation for such
         -----------------------------------------
  series of the Preferred Stock authorized by this resolution shall be the
  7-3/4% Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, with a stated
  value of $200.00 per share (the

                                      99
<PAGE>

"Cumulative Preferred Stock").  The stated value per share of Cumulative
Preferred Stock shall not for any purpose be considered to be a determination by
the Board with respect to the capital and surplus of the Corporation.  The
number of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be 1,000,000.  The
Cumulative Preferred Stock is issuable in whole shares only.

     2.  Dividends.  (a)  Holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock will
         ---------
be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board or the Committee
(as hereinafter defined) out of assets of the Corporation legally available for
payment, cash dividends payable quarterly at the rate of 7-3/4% per annum.
Dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock, calculated as a percentage of the
stated value, will be payable quarterly on February 28, May 30, August 30 and
November 30 (each a "dividend payment date"). Dividends on shares of the
Cumulative Preferred Stock will be cumulative from the date of initial issuance
of such shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock.  Dividends will be payable, in
arrears, to holders of record as they appear on the stock books of the
Corporation on such record dates, not more than 60 days nor less than 10 days
preceding the payment dates thereof, as shall be fixed by the Board or the
Committee.  The amount of dividends payable for the initial dividend period or
any period shorter than a full dividend period shall be calculated on the basis
of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.  No dividends may be declared or paid
or set apart for payment on any Parity Preferred Stock (as such term is defined
in paragraph 9(b) below) with regard to the payment of dividends unless there
shall also be or have been declared and paid or set apart for payment on the
Cumulative Preferred Stock, like dividends for all dividend payment periods of
the Cumulative Preferred Stock ending on or before the dividend payment date of
such Parity Preferred Stock, ratably in proportion to the respective amounts of
dividends (x) accumulated and unpaid or payable on such Parity Preferred Stock,
on the one hand, and (y) accumulated and unpaid through the dividend payment
period or periods of the Cumulative Preferred Stock next preceding such dividend
payment date, on the other hand.  For the purposes of this Certificate of
Designation, the "Committee" shall mean any committee of the Board to whom the
Board, pursuant to Section 141(c) of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, delegates authority to perform the

                                      100
<PAGE>

functions of the Board set forth in this Certificate of Designation.

     Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, unless full cumulative
dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock have been paid, no dividends (other
than in Common Stock of the Corporation) may be paid or declared and set aside
for payment or other distribution made upon the Common Stock or on any other
stock of the Corporation ranking junior to or on a parity with the Cumulative
Preferred Stock as to dividends, nor may any Common Stock or any other stock of
the Corporation ranking junior to or on a parity with the Cumulative Preferred
Stock as to dividends be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for any
consideration (or any payment be made to or available for a sinking fund for the
redemption of any shares of such stock; provided, however, that any moneys
theretofore deposited in any sinking fund with respect to any Preferred Stock of
the Corporation in compliance with the provisions of such sinking fund may
thereafter be applied to the purchase or redemption of such Preferred Stock in
accordance with the terms of such sinking fund, regardless of whether at the
time of such application full cumulative dividends upon shares of the Cumulative
Preferred Stock outstanding to the last dividend payment date shall have been
paid or declared and set apart for payment) by the Corporation; provided that
any such junior or parity Preferred Stock or Common Stock may be converted into
or exchanged for stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Cumulative
Preferred Stock as to dividends.

     (b)  If one or more amendments to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Code"), are enacted that reduce the percentage of the dividends
received deduction as specified in Section 243(a)(1) of the Code or any
successor provision (the "Dividends Received Percentage") to below 70%, the
amount of each dividend payable per share of the Cumulative Preferred Stock for
dividend payments made on or after the date of enactment of such change will be
adjusted by multiplying the amount of the dividend payable determined as
described above (before adjustment) by a factor, which will be the number
determined in accordance with the following formula (the "DRD Formula"), and
rounding the result to the nearest cent:

                              1 - (.35(1 - .70))
                              ------------------
                              1 - (.35(1 - DRP))

                                      101
<PAGE>

For the purposes of the DRD Formula, "DRP" means the Dividends Received
Percentage applicable to the dividend in question.  No amendment to the Code,
other than a change in the percentage of the dividends received deduction set
forth in Section 243(a)(1) of the Code or any successor provision, will give
rise to an adjustment.  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, in the event
that, with respect to any such amendment, the Corporation will receive either an
unqualified opinion of nationally recognized independent tax counsel selected by
the Corporation or a private letter ruling or similar form of authorization from
the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that such an amendment would not
apply to dividends payable on the Cumulative Preferred Stock, then any such
amendment will not result in the adjustment provided for pursuant to the DRD
Formula. The opinion referenced in the previous sentence will be based upon a
specific exception in the legislation amending the DRP or upon a published
pronouncement of the Internal Revenue Service addressing such legislation.
Unless the context otherwise requires, references to dividends in this
Certificate of Designation will mean dividends as adjusted by the DRD Formula.
The Corporation's calculation of the dividends payable, as so adjusted and as
certified accurate as to calculation and reasonable as to method by the
independent certified public accountants then regularly engaged by the
Corporation, will be final and not subject to review absent manifest error.

     If any amendment to the Code which reduces the Dividends Received
Percentage to below 70% is enacted after a dividend payable on a dividend
payment date has been declared, the amount of dividend payable on such dividend
payment date will not be increased.  Instead, an amount, equal to the excess of
(x) the product of the dividends paid by the Corporation on such dividend
payment date and the DRD Formula (where the DRP used in the DRD Formula would be
equal to the reduced Dividends Received Percentage) over (y) the dividends paid
by the Corporation on such dividend payment date, will be payable to holders of
record on the next succeeding dividend payment date in addition to any other
amounts payable on such date.

     In the event that the amount of dividends payable per share of the
Cumulative Preferred Stock will be adjusted pursuant to the DRD Formula, the
Corporation will cause notice of each such adjustment to be sent to

                                      102
<PAGE>

the holders of record as they appear on the stock books of the Corporation on
such record dates, not more than 60 days nor less than 10 days preceding the
payment dates thereof as shall be fixed by the Board or the Committee.

     In the event that the Dividends Received Percentage is reduced to 40% or
less, the Corporation may, at its option, redeem the Cumulative Preferred Stock,
in whole but not in part, as described in paragraph 6 hereof.

     3.  Liquidation Preference.  The shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall
         ----------------------
rank, as to liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, prior to
the shares of Common Stock and any other class of stock of the Corporation
ranking junior to the Cumulative Preferred Stock as to rights upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, so that in the event of any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or
involuntary, the holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive out of the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its
stockholders, whether from capital, surplus or earnings, before any distribution
is made to holders of shares of Common Stock or any other such junior stock, an
amount equal to $200.00 per share (the "Liquidation Preference" of a share of
Cumulative Preferred Stock) plus an amount equal to all dividends (whether or
not earned or declared) accrued and accumulated and unpaid on the shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock to the date of final distribution.  The holders of
the Cumulative Preferred Stock will not be entitled to receive the Liquidation
Preference until the liquidation preference of any other class of stock of the
Corporation ranking senior to the Cumulative Preferred Stock as to rights upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up shall have been paid (or a sum set aside
therefor sufficient to provide for payment) in full.  After payment of the full
amount of the Liquidation Preference and such dividends, the holders of shares
of Cumulative Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any further participation
in any distribution of assets by the Corporation.  If, upon any liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation, or
proceeds thereof, distributable among the holders of shares of Parity Preferred
Stock shall be insufficient to pay in full the preferential amount aforesaid,
then such assets, or the proceeds thereof,

                                      103
<PAGE>

shall be distributable among such holders ratably in accordance with the
respective amounts which would be payable on such shares if all amounts payable
thereon were paid in full.  For the purposes hereof, neither a consolidation or
merger of the Corporation with or into any other corporation, nor a merger of
any other corporation with or into the Corporation, nor a sale or transfer of
all or any part of the Corporation's assets for cash or securities shall be
considered a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation.

     4.  Conversion.  The Cumulative Preferred Stock is not convertible into
         ----------
shares of any other class or series of stock of the Corporation.

     5.  Voting Rights.  The holders of Shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock
         -------------
shall have no voting rights whatsoever, except for any voting rights to which
they may be entitled under the laws of the State of Delaware, and except as
follows:

        (a)  Whenever, at any time or times, dividends payable on the shares of
    Cumulative Preferred Stock or on any Parity Preferred Stock with respect to
    payment of dividends, shall be in arrears for an aggregate number of days
    equal to six calendar quarters or more, whether or not consecutive, the
    holders of the outstanding shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall have
    the right, with holders of shares of any one or more other class or series
    of stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are
    exercisable (voting together as a class), to elect two of the authorized
    number of members of the Board at the Corporation's next annual meeting of
    stockholders and at each subsequent annual meeting of stockholders until
    such arrearages have been paid or set apart for payment, at which time such
    right shall terminate, except as herein or by law expressly provided,
    subject to revesting in the event of each and every subsequent default of
    the character above mentioned. Upon any termination of the right of the
    holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock as a class to vote for
    directors as herein provided, the term of office of all directors then in
    office elected by the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock shall
    terminate immediately.

                                      104
<PAGE>

     Any director who shall have been so elected pursuant to this paragraph may
be removed at any time, either with or without cause.  Any vacancy thereby
created may be filled only by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock voting separately as a class (together with the
holders of shares of any other class or series of stock upon which like voting
rights have been conferred and are exercisable).  If the office of any director
elected by the holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock voting as a class
becomes vacant for any reason other than removal from office as aforesaid, the
remaining director elected pursuant to this paragraph may choose a successor who
shall hold office for the unexpired term in respect of which such vacancy
occurred.  At elections for such directors, each holder of shares of Cumulative
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share held (the holders
of shares of any other class or series of preferred stock having like voting
rights being entitled to such number of votes, if any, for each share of such
stock held as may be granted to them).

     (b)  So long as any shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock remain
outstanding, the consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock outstanding at the time and all other classes or
series of stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are
exercisable (voting together as a class) given in person or by proxy, either in
writing or at any meeting called for the purpose, shall be necessary to permit,
effect or validate any one or more of the following:

                (i) the issuance or increase of the authorized amount of any
     class or series of shares ranking prior (as that term is defined in
     paragraph 9(a) hereof) to the shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock; or

                (ii) the amendment, alteration or repeal, whether by merger,
     consolidation or otherwise of any of the provisions of the Certificate of
     Incorporation (including this resolution or any provision hereof) that
     would materially and adversely affect any power, preference, or special
     right of the shares of

                                      105
<PAGE>

                Cumulative Preferred Stock or of the holders thereof; provided,
                however, that any increase in the amount of authorized Common
                Stock or authorized Preferred Stock or any increase or decrease
                in the number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock or the
                creation and issuance of other series of Common Stock or
                Preferred Stock, in each case ranking on a parity with or junior
                to the shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock with respect to the
                payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon
                liquidation, dissolution or winding up, shall not be deemed to
                materially and adversely affect such powers, preferences or
                special rights.

                (c)  The foregoing voting provisions shall not apply if, at or
       prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would
       otherwise be required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of
       Cumulative Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for
       redemption and sufficient funds shall have been deposited in trust to
       effect such redemption.

     6.  Redemption.  The shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock may be
         ----------
redeemed at the option of the Corporation, as a whole, or from time to time in
part, at any time, upon not less than 30 days' prior notice mailed to the
holders of the shares to be redeemed at their addresses as shown on the stock
books of the Corporation; provided, however, that shares of the Cumulative
Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable prior to August 30, 2001, except as
stated below. Subject to the foregoing, on or after such date, shares of the
Cumulative Preferred Stock are redeemable at $200.00 per share together with an
amount equal to all dividends (whether or not earned or declared) accrued and
accumulated and unpaid to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption.

     If full cumulative dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock have not
been paid, the Cumulative Preferred Stock may not be redeemed in part and the
Corporation may not purchase or acquire any shares of the Cumulative Preferred
Stock otherwise than pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on the same
terms to all holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock.  If fewer than all the
outstanding shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the
Corporation

                                      106
<PAGE>

will select those to be redeemed by lot or a substantially equivalent method.

     If a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to this paragraph 6 and
if, on or before the date fixed for redemption, the funds necessary for such
redemption shall have been set aside by the Corporation, separate and apart from
its other funds, in trust for the pro rata benefit of the holders of the shares
of Cumulative Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, notwithstanding
that any certificates for such shares have not been surrendered for
cancellation, on the redemption date dividends shall cease to accrue on the
shares to be redeemed, and at the close of business on the redemption date the
holders of such shares shall cease to be stockholders with respect to such
shares and shall have no interest in or claims against the Corporation by virtue
thereof and shall have no voting or other rights with respect to such shares,
except the right to receive the moneys payable upon surrender (and endorsement,
if required by the Corporation) of their certificates, and the shares evidenced
thereby shall no longer be outstanding.  Subject to applicable escheat laws, any
moneys so set aside by the Corporation and unclaimed at the end of two years
from the redemption date shall revert to the general funds of the Corporation,
after which reversion the holders of such shares so called for redemption shall
look only to the general funds of the Corporation for the payment of the amounts
payable upon such redemption.  Any interest accrued on funds so deposited shall
be paid to the Corporation from time to time.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, if the Dividends Received
Percentage is equal to or less than 40% and, as a result, the amount of
dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock payable on any dividend payment date
will be or is adjusted upwards as described in paragraph 2(b) hereof, the
Corporation, at its option, may redeem all, but not less than all, of the
outstanding shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock (and the Depositary Shares)
(a "Dividends Received Deduction Redemption"); provided that within sixty days
of the date on which an amendment to the Code is enacted which reduces the
Dividends Received Percentage to 40% or less, the Corporation sends notice to
holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock relating to any Dividends Received
Deduction Redemption of such redemption.  A redemption of the Cumulative
Preferred Stock will take place on the date specified in the

                                      107
<PAGE>

notice, which shall be not less than thirty nor more than sixty days from the
date such notice is sent to holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock.  A
Dividends Received Deduction Redemption shall be at the applicable redemption
price set forth in the following table, in each case plus accrued and unpaid
dividends (whether or not declared) thereon to but excluding the date fixed for
redemption, including any changes in dividends payable due to changes in the
Dividends Received Percentage, if any:

                                              Redemption Price
                                              ----------------
                                                        Per
                                                    Depositary
Redemption Period                       Per Share     Share
- ------------------                      ---------   ---------
May 31, 1997 to August 29, 1997.....    $210.00      $52.50
August 30, 1997 to August 29, 1998..     208.00       52.00
August 30, 1998 to August 29, 1999..     206.00       51.50
August 30, 1999 to August 29, 2000..     204.00       51.00
August 30, 2000 to August 29, 2001..     202.00       50.50
On or after August 30, 2001.........     200.00       50.00


     7.  Authorization and Issuance of Other Securities.  No consent of the
         ----------------------------------------------
holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be required for (a) the creation
of any indebtedness of any kind of the Corporation, (b) the creation, or
increase or decrease in the amount, of any class or series of stock of the
Corporation not ranking prior as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up to the Cumulative Preferred Stock or (c) any increase or decrease
in the amount of authorized Common Stock or any increase, decrease or change in
the par value thereof or in any other terms thereof.

     8.  Amendment of Resolution.  The Board and the Committee each reserves the
         -----------------------
right by subsequent amendment of this resolution from time to time to increase
or decrease the number of shares that constitute the Cumulative Preferred Stock
(but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) and in other
respects to amend this resolution within the limitations provided by law, this
resolution and the Certificate of Incorporation.

     9.  Rank.  For the purposes of this resolution, any stock of any class or
         ----
classes of the Corporation shall be deemed to rank:

        (a) prior to shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, either as to
     dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both,

                                      108
<PAGE>

if the holders of stock of such class or classes shall be entitled by the terms
thereof to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in preference or
priority to the holders of shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock;

     (b) on a parity with shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, either as to
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, whether or
not the dividend rates, dividend payment dates, or redemption or liquidation
prices per share thereof be different from those of the Cumulative Preferred
Stock, if the holders of stock of such class or classes shall be entitled by the
terms thereof to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributed upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in proportion to
their respective dividend rates or liquidation prices, without preference or
priority of one over the other as between the holders of such stock and the
holders of shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock (the term "Parity Preferred
Stock" being used to refer to any stock on a parity with the shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock, either as to dividends or upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up, or both, as the context may require); and

     (c) junior to shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, either as to
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, if such class
shall be Common Stock or if the holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in preference or
priority to the holders of stock of such class or classes.

     The Cumulative Preferred Stock shall rank prior, as to dividends and upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, to the Common Stock and the
Corporation's Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, and on a parity
with (i) the Corporation's ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock, with a liquidation
value of $35.88 per share, (ii) the Corporation's 7-3/8% Cumulative Preferred
Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per

                                      109
<PAGE>

    share, (iii) the Corporation's Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred
    Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (iv) if issued, the
    Corporation's 7.82% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of
    $200.00 per share, (v) if issued, the Corporation's 7.80% Cumulative
    Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (vi) if
    issued, the Corporation's 9.00% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a
    liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (vii) if issued, the Corporation's
    8.40% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per
    share, (viii) if issued, the Corporation's 8.20% Cumulative Preferred Stock,
    with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share and (ix) if issued, the
    Corporation's 8.03% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of
    $200.00 per share.

                                      110
<PAGE>

          B.  This Certificate of Designation shall not become effective until,
and shall become effective at, 12:01 a.m. on May 31, 1997.


          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Dean Witter, Discover & Co. has caused this
Certificate of Designation to be signed by Christine A. Edwards, its Executive
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, this 30th day of May, 1997.


                                        DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.


                                        By:   /s/ Christine A. Edwards
                                           --------------------------------
                                           Name:  Christine A. Edwards
                                           Title: Executive Vice President,
                                                  General Counsel & Secretary

                                      111
<PAGE>


              CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS
                                     OF THE
                 SERIES A FIXED/ADJUSTABLE RATE PREFERRED STOCK


                             ($200.00 Stated Value)

                                       OF

                          DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.

                          ---------------------------

                         Pursuant to Section 151 of the

                General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware

                          ---------------------------

          The undersigned DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

          A.  The following resolution was duly adopted by the Board of
Directors (the "Board") of Dean Witter, Discover & Co., a Delaware corporation
(hereinafter called the "Corporation"), by unanimous vote thereof at a meeting
on May 28, 1997:

     RESOLVED that, pursuant to authority expressly granted to and vested in the
Board by provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
the Corporation (the "Certificate of Incorporation"), the issuance of a series
of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Preferred Stock"), which
shall consist of 1,725,000 of the shares of Preferred Stock which the
Corporation has authority to issue, is authorized, and the Board hereby fixes
the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or
other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions
thereof, of the shares of such series (in addition to the powers, designations,
preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights, and
the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, set forth in the
Certificate of Incorporation which may be applicable to the Preferred Stock) as
follows:

     1.  Designation and Amount; Fractional Shares.  The designation for such
         ------------------------------------------
series of the Preferred Stock authorized by this resolution

                                      112
<PAGE>

shall be the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Cumulative Preferred Stock, par
value $0.01 per share, with a stated value of $200.00 per share (the "Series A
Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock").  The stated value per share of Series A
Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock shall not for any purpose be considered to
be a determination by the Board with respect to the capital and surplus of the
Corporation.  The number of shares of Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred
Stock shall be 1,725,000.  The Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock is
issuable in whole shares only.

     2.  Dividends. (a)  Holders of shares of Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate
         ----------
Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive cash dividends, when, as and if
declared by the Board or the Committee (as hereinafter defined) out of assets of
the Corporation legally available for payment. Dividends on the Series A
Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock, calculated as a percentage of the stated
value, will be payable quarterly on February 28, May 30, August 30 and November
30 (each a "dividend payment date").  From the date of issuance of the Series A
Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock and continuing through November 30, 2001,
the rate of such dividend will be 5.91% per annum.  For the purposes of this
Certificate of Designation, the "Committee" shall mean any committee of the
Board to whom the Board, pursuant to Section 141(c) of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware, delegates authority to perform the functions of
the Board set forth in this Certificate of Designation.

After November 30, 2001, dividends on the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate
Preferred Stock will be payable quarterly on each dividend payment date at the
Applicable Rate (as defined in paragraph 3) from time to time in effect.  The
Applicable Rate per annum for any dividend period beginning on or after November
30, 2001 will be equal to .37% plus the highest of the Treasury Bill Rate, the
Ten-Year Constant Maturity Rate and the Thirty-Year

                                      113
<PAGE>

Constant Maturity Rate (each as defined in paragraph 3), as determined in
advance of such dividend period.  The Applicable Rate per annum for any dividend
period beginning on or after November 30, 2001, will not be less then 6.41% nor
greater then 12.41% (without taking into account any adjustments set forth in
paragraph 2(b)).

     Dividends on shares of the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock
will be cumulative from the date of initial issuance of such shares of Series A
Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock.  Dividends will be payable, in arrears,
to holders of record as they appear on the stock books of the Corporation on
such record dates, not more than 60 days nor less than 10 days preceding the
payment dates thereof, as shall be fixed by the Board or the Committee.  The
amount of dividends payable for the initial dividend period or any period
shorter than a full dividend period shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-
day year of twelve 30-day months.  No dividends may be declared or paid or set
apart for payment on any Parity Preferred Stock (as defined in paragraph 10(b))
with regard to the payment of dividends unless there shall also be or have been
declared and paid or set apart for payment on the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate
Preferred Stock, like dividends for all dividend payment periods of the Series A
Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock ending on or before the dividend payment
date of such Parity Preferred Stock ratably in proportion to the respective
amounts of dividends (x) accumulated and unpaid or payable on such Parity
Preferred Stock, on the one hand, and (y) accumulated and unpaid through the
dividend payment period or periods of the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate
Preferred Stock next preceding such dividend payment date, on the other hand.

     Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, unless full cumulative
dividends on the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock have been paid,
no dividends (other than in Common Stock of the Corporation) may be paid or
declared

                                      114
<PAGE>

and set aside for payment or other distribution made upon the Common Stock or on
any other stock of the Corporation ranking junior to or on a parity with the
Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock as to dividends, nor may any
Common Stock or any other stock of the Corporation ranking junior to or on a
parity with the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock as to dividends
be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for any consideration (or any
payment be made to or available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any
shares of such stock; provided, however, that any moneys theretofore deposited
in any sinking fund with respect to any preferred stock of the Corporation in
compliance with the provisions of such sinking fund may thereafter be applied to
the purchase or redemption of such preferred stock in accordance with the terms
of such sinking fund, regardless of whether at the time of such application full
cumulative dividends upon shares of the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred
Stock outstanding to the last dividend payment date shall have been paid or
declared and set apart for payment) by the Corporation; provided that any such
junior or parity Preferred Stock or Common Stock may be converted into or
exchanged for stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series A
Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock as to dividends.

     (b)  If one or more amendments to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Code"), are enacted that reduce the percentage of the dividends
received deduction as specified in Section 243(a)(1) of the Code or any
successor provision (the "Dividends Received Percentage") to below 70%, the
amount of each dividend payable per share of the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate
Preferred Stock for dividend payments made on or after the date of enactment of
such change will be adjusted by multiplying the amount of the dividend payable
determined as described above (before adjustment) by a factor, which will be the
number determined in accordance with the following

                                      115
<PAGE>

formula (the "DRD Formula"), and rounding the result to the nearest cent:

        1 - (.35 (1 - .70))
        -------------------
        1 - (.35 (1 - DRP))

For the purposes of the DRD Formula, "DRP" means the Dividends Received
Percentage applicable to the dividend in question.  No amendment to the Code,
other than a change in the percentage of the dividends received deduction set
forth in Section 243(a)(1) of the Code or any successor provision, will give
rise to an adjustment.  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, in the event
that, with respect to any such amendment, the Corporation will receive either an
unqualified opinion of nationally recognized independent tax counsel selected by
the Corporation or a private letter ruling or similar form of authorization from
the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that such an amendment would not
apply to dividends payable on the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred
Stock, then any such amendment will not result in the adjustment provided for
pursuant to the DRD Formula.  The opinion referenced in the previous sentence
will be based upon a specific exception in the legislation amending the DRP or
upon a published pronouncement of the Internal Revenue Service addressing such
legislation.  Unless the context otherwise requires, references to dividends in
this Certificate of Designation will mean dividends as adjusted by the DRD
Formula. The Corporation's calculation of the dividends payable, as so adjusted
and as certified accurate as to calculation and reasonable as to method by the
independent certified public accountants then regularly engaged by the
Corporation, will be final and not subject to review absent manifest error.

     If any amendment to the Code which reduces the Dividends Received
Percentage to below 70% is enacted after a dividend payable on a dividend
payment date has been declared, the amount of dividend payable on such dividend
payment date

                                      116
<PAGE>

will not be increased.  Instead, an amount, equal to the excess of (x) the
product of the dividends paid by the Corporation on such dividend payment date
and the DRD Formula (where the DRP used in the DRD Formula would be equal to the
reduced Dividends Received Percentage) over (y) the dividends paid by the
Corporation on such dividend payment date, will be payable on the next
succeeding dividend payment date to holders of record in addition to any other
amounts payable on such date.

     In addition, if prior to May 31, 1997, an amendment to the Code is enacted
that reduces the Dividends Received Percentage to below 70% and such reduction
retroactively applies to a dividend payment date of the Series A
Fixed/Adjustable Rate Cumulative Preferred Stock, no par value, with a stated
value of $200.00 per share ("Morgan Stanley Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate
Preferred Stock") of Morgan Stanley Group Inc. ("Morgan Stanley") as to which
Morgan Stanley previously paid dividends on the Morgan Stanley Series A
Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock (each an "Affected Dividend Payment
Date"), holders of the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive when, as and if declared by the Board out of assets of the
corporation legally available for payment, additional dividends (the "Additional
Dividends") on the next succeeding dividend payment date (or if such amendment
is enacted after the dividend payable on such dividend payment date has been
declared and on or before such dividend is paid, on the second succeeding
dividend payment date following the date of enactment) payable on such
succeeding dividend payment date to holders of record in an amount equal to the
excess of (x) the product of the dividends paid by Morgan Stanley on each
Affected Dividend Payment Date and the DRD Formula (where the DRP used in the
DRD Formula would be equal to the reduced Dividends Received Percentage applied
to each Affected Dividend Payment Date) over (y) the dividends paid by Morgan
Stanley on each Affected Dividend Payment Date.

                                      117
<PAGE>

          Additional Dividends will not be paid in respect of the enactment of
any amendment to the Code on or after May 31, 1997 which retroactively reduces
the Dividends Received Percentage to below 70%, or if prior to May 31, 1997,
such amendment would not result in an adjustment due to the Corporation having
received either an opinion of counsel or tax ruling referred to in the third
preceding paragraph.  The Corporation will only make one payment of Additional
Dividends.

     In the event that the amount of dividends payable per share of the Series A
Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock will be adjusted pursuant to the DRD
Formula and/or Additional Dividends are to be paid, the Corporation will cause
notice of each such adjustment and, if applicable, any Additional Dividends, to
be sent to the holders of record as they appear on the stock books of the
Corporation on such record date, not more than 60 days nor less than 10 days
preceding the payment date thereof as shall be fixed by the Board or the
Committee.

     In the event that the Dividends Received Percentage is reduced to 50% or
less, the Corporation may, at its option, redeem the Series A Fixed/Adjustable
Rate Preferred Stock, in whole but not in part, as described in paragraph 7
hereof.

     3.  Applicable Rate.  Except as provided above in paragraph 2, the
         ----------------
"Applicable Rate" per annum for any dividend period beginning on or after
November 30, 2001 will be equal to .37% plus the Effective Rate (as defined
herein), but not less than 6.41% nor greater than 12.41% (without taking into
account any adjustments as described in paragraph 2(b)).  The "Effective Rate"
for any dividend period beginning on or after November 30, 2001 will be equal to
the highest of the Treasury Bill Rate, the Ten-Year Constant Maturity Rate and
the Thirty-Year Constant Maturity Rate (each as defined herein) for such
dividend period.  If the Corporation determines in good faith that for any
reason: (i) any one of the Treasury Bill Rate, the

                                      118
<PAGE>

Ten-Year Constant Maturity Rate or the Thirty-Year Constant Maturity Rate cannot
be determined for any dividend period beginning on or after November 30, 2001,
then the Effective Rate for such dividend period will be equal to the higher of
whichever two of such rates can be so determined; (ii) only one of the Treasury
Bill Rate, the Ten-Year Constant Maturity Rate or the Thirty-Year Constant
Maturity Rate can be determined for any dividend period beginning on or after
November 30, 2001, then the Effective Rate for such dividend period will be
equal to whichever such rate can be so determined; or (iii) none of the Treasury
Bill Rate, the Ten-Year Constant Maturity Rate or the Thirty-Year Constant
Maturity Rate can be determined for any dividend period beginning on or after
November 30, 2001, then the Effective Rate for the preceding dividend period
will be continued for such dividend period.

     The "Treasury Bill Rate" for each dividend period will be the arithmetic
average of the two most recent weekly per annum market discount rates (or the
one weekly per annum market discount rate, if only one such rate is published
during the relevant Calendar Period (as defined herein) for three-month U.S.
Treasury bills, as published weekly by the Federal Reserve Board (as defined
herein) during the Calendar Period immediately preceding the tenth calendar day
preceding the dividend period for which the dividend rate on the Series A
Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock is being determined.

     The "Ten-Year Constant Maturity Rate" for each dividend period will be the
arithmetic average of the two most recent weekly per annum Ten-Year Average
Yields (as defined herein) (or the one weekly per annum Ten-Year Average Yield,
if only one such yield is published during the relevant Calendar Period), as
published weekly by the Federal Reserve Board during the Calendar Period
immediately preceding the tenth calendar day preceding the dividend period for
which the dividend rate on the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock is
being determined.

                                      119
<PAGE>

     The "Thirty-Year Constant Maturity Rate" for each dividend period will be
the arithmetic average of the two most recent weekly per annum Thirty-Year
Average Yields (as defined herein) the one weekly per annum Thirty-Year Average
Yield, if only one such yield is published during the relevant Calendar Period),
as published weekly by the Federal Reserve Board during the Calendar Period
immediately preceding the tenth calendar day preceding the dividend period for
which the dividend rate on the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock is
being determined.

     If the Federal Reserve Board does not publish a weekly per annum market
discount rate, Ten-Year Average Yield or Thirty-Year Average Yield during any
applicable Calendar Period, then the Treasury Bill Rate, Ten-Year Constant
Maturity Rate or Thirty-Year Constant Maturity Rate, as the case may be, for
such dividend period will be the arithmetic average of the two most recent
weekly per annum market discount rates for three-month U.S. Treasury bills, Ten-
Year Average Yields or Thirty-Year Average Yields, as the case may be (or the
one weekly per annum rate, if only one such rate is published during the
relevant Calendar Period), as published weekly during such Calendar Period by
any Federal Reserve Bank or by any U.S. Government department or agency selected
by the Corporation.  If any such rate is not published by the Federal Reserve
Board or by any Federal Reserve Bank or by any U.S. Government department or
agency during such Calendar Period, then the Treasury Bill Rate, Ten-Year
Constant Maturity Rate or Thirty-Year Constant Maturity Rate for such dividend
period will be the arithmetic average of the two most recent weekly per annum
(i) in the case of the Treasury Bill Rate, market discount rates (or the one
weekly per annum market discount rate, if only one such rate is published during
the relevant Calendar Period) for all of the U.S. Treasury bills then having
remaining maturities of not less than 80 nor more than 100 days, and (ii) in the
case of the Ten-Year Constant Maturity Rate, average yields to maturity (or the
one weekly per annum average yield to

                                      120
<PAGE>

maturity, if only one such yield is published during the relevant Calendar
Period) for all of the actively traded marketable U.S. Treasury fixed interest
rate securities (other then Special Securities (as defined herein)) then having
remaining maturities of not less than eight nor more than twelve years, and
(iii) in the case of the Thirty-Year Constant Maturity Rate, average yields to
maturity (or the one weekly per annum average yield to maturity, if only one
such yield is published during the relevant Calendar Period) for all of the
actively traded marketable U.S. Treasury fixed interest rate securities (other
than Special Securities) then having remaining maturities of not less than
twenty-eight nor more than thirty years, in each case as published during such
Calendar Period by the Federal Reserve Board or, if the Federal Reserve Board
does not publish such rates, by any Federal Reserve Bank or by any U.S.
Government department or agency selected by the Corporation.  If the Corporation
determines in good faith that for any reason (i) no such U.S. Treasury bill
rates are published as provided above during such Calendar Period or (ii) the
Corporation cannot determine the Treasury Bill Rate for any dividend period;
then the Treasury Bill Rate for such dividend period will be the arithmetic
average of the per annum market discount rates based upon the closing bids
during such Calendar Period for each of the issues of marketable non-interest-
bearing U.S. Treasury securities with a remaining maturity of not less than 80
nor more than 100 days from the date of each such quotation, as chosen and
quoted daily for each business day in New York City (or less frequently if daily
quotations are not generally available) to the Corporation by at least three
recognized dealers in U.S. Government securities selected by the Corporation.
If the Corporation determines in good faith that for any reason the Corporation
cannot determine the Ten-Year Constant Maturity Rate or Thirty-Year Constant
Maturity Rate for any dividend period as provided above, then the applicable
rate for such dividend period will be the arithmetic average of the per annum
average yields to maturity based upon the closing

                                      121
<PAGE>

bids during such Calendar Period for each of the issues of actively traded
marketable U.S. Treasury fixed interest rate securities (other then Special
Securities) with a final maturity date (i) in the case of the Ten-Year Constant
Maturity Rate, not less than eight nor more then twelve years from the date of
each such quotation, and (ii) in the case of the Thirty-Year Constant Maturity
Rate, no less than twenty-eight nor more than thirty years from the date of each
such quotation, in each case as chosen and quoted daily for each business day in
New York City (or less frequently if daily quotations are not generally
available) to the Corporation by at least three recognized dealers in the United
States.

     The Treasury Bill Rate, the Ten-Year Constant Maturity Rate and the Thirty-
Year Constant Maturity Rate will each be rounded to the nearest five hundredths
of a percent, with .025% being rounded upward.

     The Applicable Rate with respect to each dividend period beginning on or
after November 30, 2001 will be calculated as promptly as practicable by the
Corporation according to the appropriate method described above.  The
Corporation will cause notice of each Applicable Rate to be given to the holders
of Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock when payment is made of the
dividend for the immediately preceding dividend period.

     As used in this paragraph 3, the term "Calendar Period" means a period of
fourteen calendar days; the term "Federal Reserve Board" means the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System; the term "Special Securities" means
securities which can, at the option of the holder, be surrendered at face value
in payment of any Federal estate tax or which provide tax benefits to the holder
and are priced to reflect such tax benefits or which were originally issued at a
deep or substantial discount; the term "Ten-Year Average Yield" means the
average yield to maturity for actively traded marketable U.S.

                                      122
<PAGE>

Treasury fixed interest rate securities (adjusted to constant maturities of ten
years); and the term "Thirty-Year Average Yield" means the average yield to
maturity for actively traded marketable U.S. Treasury fixed interest rate
securities (adjusted to constant maturities of thirty years).

     4.  Liquidation Preference.  The shares of Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate
         -----------------------
Preferred Stock shall rank, as to liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, prior to the shares of Common Stock and any other class of stock of
the Corporation ranking junior to the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred
Stock as to rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, so that in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series
A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive out of the
assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders,
whether from capital, surplus or earnings, before any distribution is made to
holders of shares of Common Stock or any other such junior stock, an amount
equal to $200.00 per share (the "Liquidation Preference" of a share of Series A
Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock) plus an amount equal to all dividends
(whether or not earned or declared) accrued and accumulated and unpaid on the
shares of Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock to the date of final
distribution. The holders of the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock
will not be entitled to receive the Liquidation Preference until the liquidation
preference of any other class of stock of the Corporation ranking senior to the
Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock as to rights upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up shall have been paid (or a sum set aside therefor
sufficient to provide for payment) in full.  After payment of the full amount of
the Liquidation Preference and such dividends, the holders of shares of Series A
Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any further
participation in any distribution of

                                      123
<PAGE>

assets by the Corporation.  If, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation, or proceeds thereof,
distributable among the holders of shares of Parity Preferred Stock shall be
insufficient to pay in full the preferential amount aforesaid, then such assets,
or the proceeds thereof, shall be distributable among such holders ratably in
accordance with the respective amounts which would be payable on such shares if
all amounts payable thereon were paid in full.  For the purposes hereof, neither
a consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into any other corporation,
nor a merger of any other corporation with or into the Corporation, nor a sale
or transfer of all or any part of the Corporation's assets for cash or
securities shall be considered a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation.

     5.  Conversion.  The Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock is not
         -----------
convertible into shares of any other class or series of stock of the
Corporation.

     6.  Voting Rights. The holders of shares of Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate
         --------------
Preferred Stock shall have no voting rights whatsoever, except for any voting
rights to which they may be entitled under the laws of the State of Delaware,
and except as follows:

                (a)  Whenever, at any time or times, dividends payable on the
        shares of Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock or on any
        Parity Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends, shall be in
        arrears for an aggregate number of days equal to six calendar quarters
        or more, whether or not consecutive, the holders of the outstanding
        shares of Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock shall have the
        right, with holders of shares of any one or more other class or series
        of stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are
        exercisable (voting together as a class), to

                                      124
<PAGE>

        elect two of the authorized number of members of the Board at the
        Corporation's next annual meeting of stockholders and at each subsequent
        annual meeting of stockholders until such arrearages have been paid or
        set apart for payment, at which time such right shall terminate, except
        as herein or by law expressly provided, subject to revesting in the
        event of each and every subsequent default of the character above
        mentioned. Upon any termination of the right of the holders of shares of
        Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock as a class to vote for
        directors as herein provided, the term of office of all directors then
        in office elected by the holders of shares of Series A Fixed/Adjustable
        Rate Preferred Stock shall terminate immediately.

                Any director who shall have been so elected pursuant to this
        paragraph may be removed at any time, either with or without cause. Any
        vacancy thereby created may be filled only by the affirmative vote of
        the holders of shares of Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock
        voting separately as a class (together with the holders of shares of any
        other class or series of stock upon which like voting rights have been
        conferred and are exercisable). If the office of any director elected by
        the holders of shares of Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock
        voting as a class becomes vacant for any reason other than removal from
        office as aforesaid, the remaining director elected pursuant to this
        paragraph may choose a successor who shall hold office for the unexpired
        term in respect of which such vacancy occurred. At elections for such
        directors, each holder of shares of Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate
        Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share held (the
        holders of shares of any other class or series of Preferred Stock having
        like voting rights being entitled to such number of votes, if any, for
        each share

                                      125
<PAGE>

        of such stock held as may be granted to them).

     (b)  So long as any shares of Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred
Stock remain outstanding, the consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of
the shares of Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock outstanding at the
time and all other classes or series of stock upon which like voting rights have
been conferred and are exercisable (voting together as a class) given in person
or by proxy, either in writing or at any meeting called for the purpose, shall
be necessary to permit, effect or validate any one or more of the following:

                (i) the issuance or increase of the authorized amount of any
        class or series of shares ranking prior (as that term is defined in
        paragraph 10(a) hereof) to the shares of the Series A Fixed/Adjustable
        Rate Preferred Stock; or

               (ii) the amendment, alteration or repeal, whether by merger,
        consolidation or otherwise, of any of the provisions of the Certificate
        of Incorporation (including this resolution or any provision hereof)
        that would materially and adversely affect any power, preference, or
        special right of the shares of Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred
        Stock or of the holders thereof; provided, however, that any increase in
        the amount of authorized Common Stock or authorized Preferred Stock or
        any increase or decrease in the number of shares of any series of
        Preferred Stock or the creation and issuance of other series of Common
        Stock or Preferred Stock, in each case ranking on a parity with or
        junior to the shares of Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock
        with respect to the

                                      126
<PAGE>

        payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon liquidation,
        dissolution or winding up, shall not be deemed to materially and
        adversely affect such powers, preferences or special rights.

        (c)  The foregoing voting provisions shall not apply if, at or prior to
     the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be
     required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Series A
     Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called
     for redemption and sufficient funds shall have been deposited in trust to
     effect such redemption.

     7.  Redemption.  The shares of the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred
         -----------
Stock may be redeemed at the option of the Corporation, as a whole, or from time
to time in part, at any time, upon not less than 30 days' prior notice mailed to
the holders of the shares to be redeemed at their addresses as shown on the
stock books of the Corporation; provided, however, that shares of the Series A
Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable prior to November
30, 2001, except as stated below. Subject to the foregoing, on or after such
date, shares of the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock are
redeemable at $200.00 per share together with an amount equal to all dividends
(whether or not earned or declared) accrued and accumulated and unpaid to, but
excluding, the date fixed for redemption.

     If full cumulative dividends on the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate
Preferred Stock have not been paid, the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred
Stock may not be redeemed in part and the Corporation may not purchase or
acquire any shares of the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock
otherwise than pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on the same terms
to all holders of the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock.  If fewer
than all the

                                      127
<PAGE>

outstanding shares of Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock are to be
redeemed, the Corporation will select those to be redeemed by lot or a
substantially equivalent method.

     If a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to this paragraph 7 and
if, on or before the date fixed for redemption, the funds necessary for such
redemption shall have been set aside by the Corporation, separate and apart from
its other funds, in trust for the pro rata benefit of the holders of the shares
of Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock so called for redemption,
then, notwithstanding that any certificates for such shares have not been
surrendered for cancellation, on the redemption date dividends shall cease to
accrue on the shares to be redeemed, and at the close of business on the
redemption date the holders of such shares shall cease to be stockholders with
respect to such shares and shall have no interest in or claims against the
Corporation by virtue thereof and shall have no voting or other rights with
respect to such shares, except the right to receive the moneys payable upon
surrender (and endorsement, if required by the Corporation) of their
certificates, and the shares evidenced thereby shall no longer be outstanding.
Subject to applicable escheat laws, any moneys so set aside by the Corporation
and unclaimed at the end of two years from the redemption date shall revert to
the general funds of the Corporation, after which reversion the holders of such
shares so called for redemption shall look only to the general funds of the
Corporation for the payment of the amounts payable upon such redemption.  Any
interest accrued on funds so deposited shall be paid to the Corporation from
time to time.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, if the Dividends Received
Percentage is equal to or less than 50% and, as a result, the amount of
dividends on the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock payable on any
dividend payment date will be or is adjusted upwards as described in paragraph
2(b) hereof, the Corporation, at its

                                      128
<PAGE>

option, may redeem all, but not less than all, of the outstanding shares of the
Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock (the Depositary Shares) (a
"Dividends Received Deduction Redemption") provided that within sixty days of
the date on which an amendment to the Code is enacted which reduces the
Dividends Received Percentage to 50% or less, the Corporation sends notice to
holders of the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock of such
redemption.  A Dividends Received Deduction Redemption, in accordance with this
paragraph, will take place on the date specified in the notice, which shall be
not less than thirty nor more then sixty days from the date such notice is sent
to holders of the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock.  A Dividends
Received Deduction Redemption shall be at the applicable redemption price set
forth in the following table, in each case plus accrued and unpaid dividends
(whether or not declared) thereon to but excluding the date fixed for
redemption, including any changes in dividends payable due to changes in the
Dividends Received Percentage and Additional Dividends, if any:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             Redeemable Price
                                          ----------------------
                                                         Per
                                                     Depositary
Redemption Period                         Per Share     Share
- -----------------                         ---------  -----------
<S>                                       <C>        <C>
May 31, 1997 to November 29, 1997.......    $210.00       $52.50

November 30, 1997 to November 29, 1998..     208.00        52.00

November 30, 1998 to November 29, 1999..     206.00        51.50

November 30, 1999 to November 29, 2000..     204.00        51.00

November 30, 2000 to November 29, 2001..     202.00        50.50

On or after November 30, 2001...........     200.00        50.00
</TABLE>

  8.  Authorization and Issuance of Other Securities.  No consent of the holders
      -----------------------------------------------
of the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock shall be required for (a)
the creation of any indebtedness of any kind of the Corporation,

                                      129
<PAGE>

(b) the creation, or increase or decrease in the amount, of any class or series
of stock of the Corporation not ranking prior as to dividends or upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up to the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate
Preferred Stock or (c) any increase or decrease in the amount of authorized
Common Stock or any increase, decrease or change in the par value thereof or in
any other terms thereof.

  9.  Amendment of Resolution.  The Board and the Committee each reserves the
      ------------------------
right by subsequent amendment of this resolution from time to time to increase
or decrease the number of shares that constitute the Series A Fixed/Adjustable
Rate Preferred Stock (but not below the number of shares thereof then
outstanding) and in other respects to amend this resolution within the
limitations provided by law, this resolution and the Certificate of
Incorporation.

  10.  Rank.  For the purposes of this resolution, any stock of any class or
       -----
classes of the Corporation shall be deemed to rank:

       (a) prior to shares of the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred
  Stock, either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up,
  or both, if the holders of stock of such class or classes shall be entitled by
  the terms thereof to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon
  liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in preference or
  priority to the holders of shares of the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate
  Preferred Stock;

       (b) on a parity with shares of the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate
  Preferred Stock, either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or
  winding up, or both, whether or not the dividend rates, dividend payment
  dates, or redemption or liquidation prices per share thereof be

                                      130
<PAGE>

  different from those of the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock, if
  the holders of stock of such class or classes shall be entitled by the terms
  thereof to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributed upon
  liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in proportion to
  their respective dividend rates or liquidation prices, without preference or
  priority of one over the other as between the holders of such stock and the
  holders of shares of Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock (the term
  "Parity Preferred Stock" being used to refer to any stock on a parity with the
  shares of Series A Fixed/Adjustable Preferred Stock, either as to dividends or
  upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, as the context may
  require); and

       (c) junior to shares of the Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred
  Stock, either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up,
  or both, if such class shall be Common Stock or if the holders of the Series A
  Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the receipt of
  dividends or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding
  up, as the case may be, in preference or priority to the holders of stock of
  such class or classes.

  The Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock shall rank prior, as to
dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, to the Common Stock
and the Corporation's Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, and on a
parity with (i) the Corporation's ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation value of $35.88 per share, (ii) the Corporation's 7-3/8% Cumulative
Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (iii) the
Corporation's 7-3/4% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of
$200.00 per share, (iv) if issued, the Corporation's 7.82% Cumulative

                                      131
<PAGE>

        Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (v) if
        issued, the Corporation's 7.80% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a
        liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (vi) if issued, the
        Corporation's 9.00% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value
        of $200.00 per share, (vii) if issued, the Corporation's 8.40%
        Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per
        share, (viii) if issued, the Corporation's 8.20% Cumulative Preferred
        Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share and (ix) if issued,
        the Corporation's 8.03% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation
        value of $200.00 per share.

                                      132
<PAGE>

          B.  This Certificate of Designation shall not become effective until,
and shall become effective at, 12:01 a.m. on May 31, 1997.


          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Dean Witter, Discover & Co. has caused this
Certificate of Designation to be signed by Christine A. Edwards, its Executive
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, this 30th day of May, 1997.


                                 DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.


                                 By:   /s/ Christine A. Edwards
                                    ----------------------------
                                    Name:  Christine A. Edwards
                                    Title: Executive Vice President,
                                           General Counsel & Secretary

                                      133
<PAGE>



              CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS
                                     OF THE
                        8.03% CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK


                             ($200.00 Stated Value)


                                       OF


                          DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.

                      ___________________________________

                         Pursuant to Section 151 of the

                General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
                      ___________________________________


     The undersigned DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

     A.  The following resolution was duly adopted by the Board of Directors
(the "Board") of Dean Witter, Discover & Co., a Delaware corporation
(hereinafter called the "Corporation"), by unanimous vote thereof at a meeting
on May 28, 1997:

     RESOLVED that, pursuant to authority expressly granted to and vested in the
Board by provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
the Corporation (the "Certificate of Incorporation"), the issuance of a series
of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Preferred Stock"), which
shall consist of 670,000 of the shares of Preferred Stock which the Corporation
has authority to issue, is authorized, and the Board hereby fixes the powers,
designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special
rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of the
shares of such series (in addition to the powers, designations, preferences and
relative participating, optional or other special rights, and the
qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, set forth in the
Certificate of Incorporation which may be applicable to the Preferred Stock) as
follows:

     1.  Designation and Amount; Fractional Shares. The designation for such
         -----------------------------------------
series of the Preferred Stock authorized by this resolution shall be the 8.03%

                                      134
<PAGE>

Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, with a stated value of
$200.00 per share (the "Cumulative Preferred Stock").  The stated value per
share of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall not for any purpose be considered
to be a determination by the Board with respect to the capital and surplus of
the Corporation.  The number of shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall
be 670,000.  The Cumulative Preferred Stock is issuable in whole shares only.

     2.  Dividends.  (a)  Holders of shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock
         ---------
will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board or the
Committee (as hereinafter defined) out of assets of the Corporation legally
available for payment cash dividends at the rate of 8.03% per annum.  Dividends
on the Cumulative Preferred Stock will be payable quarterly on February 28, May
30, August 30 and November 30 of each year (each a "dividend payment date").
Dividends on shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock will be cumulative from
the date of initial issuance of such shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock.
Dividends will be payable, in arrears, to holders of record as they appear on
the stock books of the Corporation on such record dates, not more than 60 days
nor less than 10 days preceding the payment dates thereof, as shall be fixed by
the Board or the Committee.  The amount of dividends payable for the initial
dividend period or any period shorter than a full dividend period shall be
calculated on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. No dividends
may be declared or paid or set apart for payment on any Parity Preferred Stock
(as defined in paragraph 9(b) below) with regard to the payment of dividends
unless there shall also be or have been declared and paid or set apart for
payment on the Cumulative Preferred Stock, like dividends for all dividend
payment periods of the Cumulative Preferred Stock ending on or before the
dividend payment date of such Parity Preferred Stock ratably in proportion to
the respective amounts of dividends (x) accumulated and unpaid or payable on
such Parity Preferred Stock, on the one hand, and (y) accumulated and unpaid
through the dividend payment period or periods of the Cumulative Preferred Stock
next preceding such dividend payment date, on the other hand.  For the purposes
of this Certificate of Designation, the "Committee" shall mean any committee of
the Board to whom the Board, pursuant to Section 141(c) of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, delegates authority to

                                      135
<PAGE>

perform the functions of the Board set forth in this Certificate of Designation.

     Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, unless full cumulative
dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock have been paid, no dividends (other
than in Common Stock of the Corporation) may be paid or declared and set aside
for payment or other distribution made upon the Common Stock or on any other
stock of the Corporation ranking junior to or on a parity with the Cumulative
Preferred Stock as to dividends, nor may any Common Stock or any other stock of
the Corporation ranking junior to or on a parity with the Cumulative Preferred
Stock as to dividends be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for any
consideration (or any payment be made to or available for a sinking fund for the
redemption of any shares of such stock; provided, however, that any moneys
theretofore deposited in any sinking fund with respect to any Preferred Stock of
the Corporation in compliance with the provisions of such sinking fund may
thereafter be applied to the purchase or redemption of such Preferred Stock in
accordance with the terms of such sinking fund, regardless of whether at the
time of such application full cumulative dividends upon shares of the Cumulative
Preferred Stock outstanding to the last dividend payment date shall have been
paid or declared and set apart for payment) by the Corporation; provided that
any such junior or parity Preferred Stock or Common Stock may be converted into
or exchanged for stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Cumulative
Preferred Stock as to dividends.

     (b) If one or more amendments to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Code"), are enacted that reduce the percentage of the dividends
received deduction as specified in Section 243(a)(1) of the Code or any
successor provision (the "Dividends Received Percentage") to below 70%, the
amount of each dividend payable per share of the Cumulative Preferred Stock for
dividend payments made on or after the date of enactment of such change, and so
long as the Dividends Received Percentage remains below 70%, will be adjusted by
multiplying the amount of the dividend payable determined as described above
(before adjustment) by a factor, which will be the number determined in
accordance with the following formula

                                      136
<PAGE>

(the "DRD Formula"), and rounding the result to the nearest cent:

                              1 - (.35 (1 - .70))
                              -------------------
                               1- (.35 (1 - DRP))

For the purposes of the DRD Formula, "DRP" means the Dividends Received
Percentage applicable to the dividend in question.  No amendment to the Code,
other than a change in the percentage of the dividends received deduction set
forth in Section 243(a)(1) of the Code or any successor provision, will give
rise to an adjustment.  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, in the event
that, with respect to any such amendment, the Corporation will receive either an
unqualified opinion of nationally recognized independent tax counsel selected by
the Corporation or a private letter ruling or similar form of authorization from
the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that such an amendment would not
apply to dividends payable on the Cumulative Preferred Stock, then any such
amendment will not result in the adjustment provided for pursuant to the DRD
Formula. The opinion referenced in the previous sentence will be based upon a
specific exception in the legislation amending the DRP or upon a published
pronouncement of the Internal Revenue Service addressing such legislation.
Unless the context otherwise requires, references to dividends in this
Certificate of Designation will mean dividends as adjusted by the DRD Formula.
The Corporation's calculation of the dividends payable, as so adjusted and as
certified accurate as to calculation and reasonable as to method by the
independent certified public accountants then regularly engaged by the
Corporation, will be final and not subject to review absent manifest error.

     If any amendment to the Code which reduces the Dividends Received
Percentage to below 70% is enacted after a dividend payable on a dividend
payment date has been declared and on or before such dividend is paid, the
amount of dividend payable on such dividend payment date will not be increased.
Instead, an amount, equal to the excess of (x) the product of the dividends paid
by the Corporation on such dividend payment date and the DRD Formula (where the
DRP used in the DRD Formula would be equal to the reduced Dividends Received
Percentage) over (y) the dividends paid by the Corporation on such dividend
payment date, will be payable on the next succeeding dividend payment date to

                                      137
<PAGE>

holders of record on the record date for such next succeeding dividend payment
in addition to any other amounts payable on such date.

     In the event that the amount of dividends payable per share of the
Cumulative Preferred Stock will be adjusted pursuant to the DRD Formula, the
Corporation will cause notice of each such adjustment to be sent to the holders
of record as they appear on the stock books of the Corporation on such record
date, not more than 60 days nor less than 10 days preceding the payment date
thereof as shall be fixed by the Board or the Committee.

     In the event that the Dividends Received Percentage is reduced to 50% or
less, the Corporation may, at its option, redeem the Cumulative Preferred Stock,
in whole but not in part, as described in paragraph 6 hereof.

     3.  Liquidation Preference.  The shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock
         ----------------------
shall rank, as to liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation,
prior to the shares of Common Stock and any other class of stock of the
Corporation ranking junior to the Cumulative Preferred Stock as to rights upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, so that in the event
of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether
voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive out of the assets of the Corporation available for
distribution to its stockholders, whether from capital, surplus or earnings,
before any distribution is made to holders of shares of Common Stock or any
other such junior stock, an amount equal to $200.00 per share (the "Liquidation
Preference" of a share of the Cumulative Preferred Stock) plus an amount equal
to all dividends (whether or not earned or declared) accrued and accumulated and
unpaid on the shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock to the date of final
distribution.  The holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock will not be
entitled to receive the Liquidation Preference until the liquidation preference
of any other class of stock of the Corporation ranking senior to the Cumulative
Preferred Stock as to rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up shall
have been paid (or a sum set aside therefor sufficient to provide for payment)
in full.  After payment of the full amount of the Liquidation Preference and
such dividends, the

                                      138
<PAGE>

holders of shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any
further participation in any distribution of assets by the Corporation.  If,
upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets
of the Corporation, or proceeds thereof, distributable among the holders of
shares of Parity Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to pay in full the
preferential amount aforesaid, then such assets, or the proceeds thereof, shall
be distributable among such holders ratably in accordance with the respective
amounts which would be payable on such shares if all amounts payable thereon
were paid in full.   For the purposes hereof, neither a consolidation or merger
of the Corporation with or into any other corporation, nor a merger of any other
corporation with or into the Corporation, nor a sale or transfer of all or any
part of the Corporation's assets for cash or securities shall be considered a
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation.

     4.  Conversion.  The Cumulative Preferred Stock is not convertible into
         ----------
shares of any other class or series of stock of the Corporation.

     5.  Voting Rights.  The holders of shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock
         -------------
shall have no voting rights whatsoever, except for any voting rights to which
they may be entitled under the laws of the State of Delaware, and except as
follows:

         (a) Whenever, at any time or times, dividends payable on the shares of
     Cumulative Preferred Stock or on any Parity Preferred Stock with respect to
     payment of dividends, shall be in arrears for an aggregate number of days
     equal to six calendar quarters or more, whether or not consecutive, the
     holders of the outstanding shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall
     have the right, with holders of shares of any one or more other class or
     series of stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are
     exercisable (voting together a class), to elect two of the authorized
     number of members of the Board at the Corporation's next annual meeting of
     stockholders and at each subsequent annual meeting of stockholders until
     such arrearages have been paid or set apart for payment, at which time such
     right shall terminate, except as herein or by law expressly provided,
     subject to revesting in the

                                      139
<PAGE>

     event of each and every subsequent default of the character above
     mentioned. Upon any termination of the right of the holders of shares of
     the Cumulative Preferred Stock as a class to vote for directors as herein
     provided, the term of office of all directors then in office elected by the
     holders of shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall terminate
     immediately.

     Any director who shall have been so elected pursuant to this paragraph may
     be removed at any time, either with or without cause. Any vacancy thereby
     created may be filled only by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares
     of the Cumulative Preferred Stock voting separately as a class (together
     with the holders of shares of any other class or series of stock upon which
     like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable). If the office
     of any director elected by the holders of shares of the Cumulative
     Preferred Stock voting as a class becomes vacant for any reason other than
     removal from office as aforesaid, the remaining director elected pursuant
     to this paragraph may choose a successor who shall hold office for the
     unexpired term in respect of which such vacancy occurred. At elections for
     such directors, each holder of shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock
     shall be entitled to one vote for each share held (the holders of shares of
     any other class or series of preferred stock having like voting rights
     being entitled to such number of votes, if any, for each share of such
     stock held as may be granted to them).

         (b) So long as any shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock remain
     outstanding, the consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the
     shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock outstanding at the time and all
     other classes or series of stock upon which like voting rights have been
     conferred and are exercisable (voting together as a class) given in person
     or by proxy, either in writing or at any meeting called for the purpose,
     shall be necessary to permit, effect or validate any one or more of the
     following:

                (i) the issuance or increase of the authorized amount of any
         class or series of shares ranking prior (as that term is defined

                                      140
<PAGE>

         in paragraph 9(a) hereof) to the shares of the Cumulative Preferred
         Stock; or

                (ii) the amendment, alteration or repeal, whether by merger,
         consolidation or otherwise, of any of the provisions of the Certificate
         of Incorporation (including this resolution or any provision hereof)
         that would materially and adversely affect any power, preference, or
         special right of the shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock or of the
         holders thereof; provided, however, that any increase in the amount of
         authorized Common Stock or authorized Preferred Stock or any increase
         or decrease in the number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock or
         the creation and issuance of other series of Common Stock or Preferred
         Stock, in each case ranking on a parity with or junior to the shares of
         the Cumulative Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends
         and the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding
         up, shall not be deemed to materially and adversely affect such powers,
         preferences or special rights.

         (c) The foregoing voting provisions shall not apply if, at or prior to
     the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be
     required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of the Cumulative
     Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption and
     sufficient funds shall have been deposited in trust to effect such
     redemption.

     6.  Redemption.  The shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock may be
         ----------
redeemed at the option of the Corporation, as a whole, or from time to time in
part, at any time, upon not less than 30 days' prior notice mailed to the
holders of the shares to be redeemed at their addresses as shown on the stock
books of the Corporation; provided, however, that shares of the Cumulative
Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable prior to February 28, 2007, except as
stated below. Subject to the foregoing, on or after such date, shares of the
Cumulative Preferred Stock are redeemable at the option of the Corporation, in
whole or in part, upon not less than 30 days' notice at the redemption prices
set forth below, plus accrued and accumulated but unpaid dividends to but
excluding the date fixed for

                                      141
<PAGE>

redemption, if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning on February 28
of the years indicated below:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Year                  Redemption Price Per Share
- ----                  --------------------------
<S>                 <C>
2007...................         $205.354

2008...................          204.282

2009...................          203.212

2010...................          202.142

2011...................          201.070

On or after 2012.......          200.000

</TABLE>

          If full cumulative dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock have
not been paid, the Cumulative Preferred Stock may not be redeemed in part and
the Corporation may not purchase or acquire any share of the Cumulative
Preferred Stock otherwise than pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on
the same terms to all holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock.  If fewer than
all the outstanding shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock are to be redeemed,
the Corporation will select those to be redeemed by lot or a substantially
equivalent method.

          Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, if the Dividends Received
Percentage is equal to or less than 50% and, as a result, the amount of
dividends on the Cumulative Preferred Stock payable on any dividend payment date
will be or is adjusted upwards as described in paragraph 2(b) hereof, the
Corporation, at its option, may redeem all, but not less than all, of the
outstanding shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock (a "Dividends Received
Deduction Redemption"); provided that within sixty days of the date of the date
on which an amendment to the Code is enacted which reduces the Dividends
Received Percentage to 50% or less and the date on which notice of issuance of
the Cumulative Preferred Stock is given, the Corporation sends notice to holders
of the Cumulative Preferred Stock of such redemption.  A Dividends Received
Deduction Redemption, in accordance with this paragraph, will take place on the
date specified in the notice, which shall be not less than thirty nor more than
sixty days from the date such notice is sent to holders of the Cumulative
Preferred Stock.  A Dividends Received Deduction Redemption shall be at the
applicable redemption price set forth in the following table, in each case plus
accrued and accumulated but unpaid dividends thereon to but excluding the date
fixed for redemption, including any changes in

                                      142
<PAGE>

dividends payable due to changes in the Dividends Received Percentage and
Additional Dividends, if any:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


Redemption period                            Redemption price per share
- -----------------                            --------------------------

<S>                                       <C>
February 28, 1998 to February 27, 1999                $210.000

February 28, 1999 to February 27, 2000                 208.889

February 28, 2000 to February 27, 2001                 207.778

February 28, 2001 to February 27, 2002                 206.667

February 28, 2002 to February 27, 2003                 205.556

February 28, 2003 to February 27, 2004                 204.444

February 28, 2004 to February 27, 2005                 203.333

February 28, 2005 to February 27, 2006                 202.222

February 28, 2006 to February 27, 2007                 201.111

</TABLE>

If a Dividends Received Deduction Redemption occurs on or after February 28,
2007, the redemption prices shall be as set forth in the first paragraph of this
paragraph 6.

     If a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to this paragraph 6 and
if, on or before the date fixed for redemption, the funds necessary for such
redemption shall have been set aside by the Corporation, separate and apart from
its other funds, in trust for the pro rata benefit of the holders of the shares
of the Cumulative Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then,
notwithstanding that any certificates for such shares have not been surrendered
for cancellation, on the redemption date dividends shall cease to accrue on the
shares to be redeemed, and at the close of business on the redemption date the
holders of such shares shall cease to be stockholders with respect to such
shares and shall have no interest in or claims against the Corporation by virtue
thereof and shall have no voting or other rights with respect to such shares,
except the right to receive the moneys payable upon surrender (and endorsement,
if required by the Corporation) of their certificates, and the shares evidenced
thereby shall no longer be outstanding.  Subject to applicable escheat laws, any
moneys so set aside by the Corporation and unclaimed at the end of two years
from the redemption date shall revert to the general funds of the Corporation,
after which reversion the holders of such shares so called for redemption shall
look only to the general funds of the Corporation for the payment of the amounts
payable upon such redemption.  Any interest accrued on funds so deposited shall
be paid to the Corporation from time to time.

                                      143
<PAGE>

     7.   Authorization and Issuance of Other Securities.  No consent of the
          ----------------------------------------------
holders of the Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be required for (a) the creation
of any indebtedness of any kind of the Corporation, (b) the creation, or
increase or decrease in the amount, of any class or series of stock of the
Corporation not ranking prior as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up to the Cumulative Preferred Stock or (c) any increase or decrease
in the amount of authorized Common Stock or any increase, decrease or change in
the par value thereof or in any other terms thereof.

     8.   Amendment of Resolution.  The Board and the Committee each reserves
          -----------------------
the right by subsequent amendment of this resolution from time to time to
increase or decrease the number of shares that constitute the Cumulative
Preferred Stock (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding)
and in other respects to amend this resolution within the limitations provided
by law, this resolution and the Certificate of Incorporation.

     9.   Rank.  For the purposes of this resolution, any stock of any class or
          ----
classes of the Corporation shall be deemed to rank:

         (a) prior to shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, either as to
     dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, if the
     holders of stock of such class or classes shall be entitled by the terms
     thereof to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon
     liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in preference
     or priority to the holders of shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock;

         (b) on a parity with shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, either
     as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both,
     whether or not the dividend rates, dividend payment dates, or redemption or
     liquidation prices per share thereof be different from those of the
     Cumulative Preferred Stock, if the holders of stock of such class or
     classes shall be entitled by the terms thereof to the receipt of dividends
     or of amounts distributed upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as
     the case may be, in proportion to their respective dividend rates or

                                      144
<PAGE>

     liquidation prices, without preference or priority of one over the other as
     between the holders of such stock and the holders of shares of the
     Cumulative Preferred Stock (the term "Parity Preferred Stock" being used to
     refer to any stock on a parity with the shares of the Cumulative Preferred
     Stock, either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding
     up, or both, as the context may require); and

         (c) junior to shares of the Cumulative Preferred Stock, either as to
     dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, if such
     class shall be Common Stock or if the holders of the Cumulative Preferred
     Stock shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends or of amounts
     distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may
     be, in preference or priority to the holders of stock of such class or
     classes.

          The Cumulative Preferred Stock shall rank prior, as to dividends and
upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, to the Common Stock and the
Corporation's Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, and on a parity
with (i) the Corporation's ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock, with a liquidation
value of $35.88 per share, (ii) the Corporation's 7-3/8% Cumulative Preferred
Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (iii) the Corporation's
7-3/4% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per
share, (iv) the Corporation's Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Preferred Stock,
with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (v) if issued, the Corporation's
7.82% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share,
(vi) if issued, the Corporation's 7.80% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation value of $200.00 per share, (vii) if issued, the Corporation's 9.00%
Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share,
(viii) if issued, the Corporation's 8.40% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a
liquidation value of $200.00 per share and (ix) if issued, the Corporation's
8.20% Cumulative Preferred Stock, with a liquidation value of $200.00 per share.

                                      145
<PAGE>

          B.  This Certificate of Designation shall not become effective until,
and shall become effective at, 12:01 a.m. on May 31, 1997.


          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Dean Witter, Discover & Co. has caused this
Certificate of Designation to be signed by Christine A. Edwards, its Executive
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, this 30th day of May, 1997.


                                         DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.


                                         By:   /s/ Christine A. Edwards
                                            ----------------------------
                                            Name:  Christine A. Edwards
                                            Title: Executive Vice President,
                                                   General Counsel & Secretary

                                      146
<PAGE>


                    CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION, PREFERENCES
                         AND RIGHTS OF SERIES A JUNIOR
                         PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK

                                       of

                          DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.


             Pursuant to Section 151 of the General Corporation Law
                            of the State of Delaware



     The undersigned officer of Dean Witter, Discover & Co., a corporation
organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, in accordance with the provisions of Section 103 thereof, DOES HEREBY
CERTIFY:

     That pursuant to the authority conferred upon the Board of Directors by the
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the said Corporation, the
said Board of Directors on April 21, 1995 adopted the following resolution
creating a series of 220,000 shares of Preferred Stock designated as Series A
Junior Participating Preferred Stock:

     RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors
of this Corporation in accordance with the provisions of its Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, a series of Preferred Stock of the
Corporation be and it hereby is created, and that the designation and amount
thereof and the voting powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional
and other special rights of the shares of such series, and the qualifications,
limitations or restrictions thereof are as follows:

     Section 1.  Designation and Amount.  The shares of such series shall be
                 ----------------------
designated as "SERIES A JUNIOR PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK" and the number of
shares constituting such series shall be 220,000.

     Section 2.  Dividends and Distributions.
                 ---------------------------

(A)  The holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
     shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of

                                      147
<PAGE>

     Directors out of funds legally available for the purposes, quarterly
     dividends payable in cash on the last day of March, June, September and
     December in each year (each such date being referred to herein as a
     "QUARTERLY DIVIDEND PAYMENT DATE"), commencing on the first Quarterly
     Dividend Payment Date after the first issuance of a share or fraction of a
     share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, in an amount per
     share (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to the greater of (a) $1.00 or
     (b) subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, 1,000
     times the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends, and 1,000 times
     the aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of all non-cash dividends
     or other distributions other than a dividend payable in shares of Common
     Stock or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by
     reclassification or otherwise), declared on the Common Stock, par value
     $0.01 per share, of the Corporation (the "COMMON STOCK") since the
     immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, or, with respect to
     the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance of any
     share or fraction of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred
     Stock. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after April 21, 1995
     (the "RIGHTS DECLARATION DATE") (i) declare any dividend on Common Stock
     payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii subdivide the outstanding Common
     Stock, or (ii combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of
     shares, then in each such case the amount to which holders of shares of
     Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock were entitled immediately
     prior to such event under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall be
     adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the numerator of which is
     the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such
     event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock
     that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

(B)  The Corporation shall declare a dividend or distribution on the Series A
     Junior Participating Preferred Stock as provided in Paragraph (A) above
     immediately after it declares a dividend or distribution on the Common
     Stock (other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock); provided
     that, in the event no dividend or distribution shall have been declared on
     the Common Stock during the period between any Quarterly Dividend Payment
     Date and the next subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, a dividend of
     $0.01 per share on the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall
     nevertheless be payable on such subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date.

(C)  Dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative on outstanding shares of
     Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock from the Quarterly Dividend
     Payment Date next preceding the date of issue of such shares of Series A
     Junior Participating Preferred Stock, unless the date of issue of such
     shares is prior to the record date for the first Quarterly Dividend Payment
     Date, in which case dividends on such shares shall begin to accrue form the
     date of issue of such

                                      148
<PAGE>

     shares, or unless the date of issue is a Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or
     is a date after the record date for the determination of holders of shares
     of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock entitled to receive a
     quarterly dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in
     either of which events such dividends shall begin to accrue and be
     cumulative from such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. Accrued but unpaid
     dividends shall not bear interest. Dividends paid on the shares of Series A
     Junior Participating Preferred Stock in an amount less than the total
     amount of such dividends at the time accrued and payable on such shares
     shall be allocated pro rata on a share-by-share basis among all such shares
     at the time outstanding. The Board of Directors may fix a record date for
     the determination of holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating
     Preferred Stock entitled to receive payment of a dividend or distribution
     declared thereon, which record date shall be no more than 30 days prior to
     the date fixed for the payment thereof.

     Section 3.  Voting Rights.  The holders of shares of Series A Junior
                 -------------
Participating Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights:

     (A)  Subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, each
share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder
thereof to 1,000 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of
the Corporation.  In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the
Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Common Stock payable in
shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common Stock, or (iii)
combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in
each such case the number of votes per share to which holders of shares of
Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to
such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such number by a fraction the
numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of
shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

     (B)  Except as otherwise provided herein or by law, the holders of shares
of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock and the holders of shares of
Common Stock shall vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote
of stockholders of the Corporation.

     (C)  (i) If at any time dividends on any Series A Junior Participating
Preferred Stock shall be in arrears in an amount equal to six (6) quarterly
dividends thereon, the occurrence of such contingency shall mark the beginning
of a period (herein called a "DEFAULT PERIOD") which shall extend until such
time when all accrued and unpaid dividends for all previous quarterly dividend
periods and for the current quarterly dividend period on all shares of Series A
Junior Participating

                                      149
<PAGE>

Preferred Stock then outstanding shall have been declared and paid or set apart
for payment. During each default period, all holders of Preferred Stock
(including holders of the Series A Junior participating Preferred Stock) with
dividends in arrears in an amount equal to six (6) quarterly dividends thereon,
voting as a class, irrespective of series, shall have the right to elect two (2)
directors.

     (ii)  During any default period, such voting right of the holders of Series
A Junior Participating Preferred Stock may be exercised initially at a special
meeting called pursuant to subparagraph (iii) of this Section 3(C) or at any
annual meeting of stockholders, and thereafter at annual meetings of
stockholders, provided that such voting right shall not be exercised unless the
holders of ten percent (10%) in number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding
shall be present in person or by proxy.  The absence of a quorum of the holders
of Common Stock shall not affect the exercise by the holders of Preferred Stock
of such voting right.  At any meeting at which the holders of Preferred Stock
shall exercise such voting right initially during an existing default period,
they shall have the right, voting as a class, to elect directors to fill such
vacancies, if any, in the Board of Directors as may then exist up to two (2)
directors or, if such right is exercised at an annual meeting, to elect two (2)
directors.  If the number which may be so elected at any special meeting does
not amount to the required number, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall have
the right to make such increase in the number of directors as shall be necessary
to permit the election by them of the required number.  After the holders of the
Preferred Stock shall have exercised their right to elect directors in any
default period and during the continuance of such period, the number of
directors shall not be increased or decreased except by vote of the holders of
Preferred Stock as herein provided or pursuant to the rights of any equity
securities ranking senior to or pari passu with the Series A Junior
                                ---- -----
Participating Preferred Stock.

     (iii)  Unless the holders of Preferred Stock shall, during an existing
default period, have previously exercised their right to elect directors, the
Board of Directors may order, or any stockholder or stockholders owning in the
aggregate not less than ten percent (10%) of the total number of shares of
Preferred Stock outstanding, irrespective of series, may request, the calling of
special meeting of the holders of Preferred Stock, which meeting shall thereupon
be called by the President, a Vice-President or the Secretary of the
Corporation.  Notice of such meeting and of any annual meeting at which holders
of Preferred Stock are entitled to vote pursuant to this Paragraph (C)(iii)
shall be given to each holder of record of Preferred Stock by mailing a copy of
such notice to him or her at his or her last address as the same appears on the
books of the Corporation.  Such

                                      150
<PAGE>

meeting shall be called for a time not earlier than 20 days and not later than
60 days after such order or request or in default of the calling of such meeting
within 60 days after such order or request, such meeting may be called on
similar notice by any stockholder or stockholders owning in the aggregate not
less than ten percent (10%) of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock
outstanding. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Paragraph (C)(iii), no such
special meeting shall be called during the period within 60 days immediately
preceding the date fixed for the next annual meeting of the stockholders.

     (iv)  In any default period, the holders of Common Stock, and other classes
of stock of the Corporation if applicable, shall continue to be entitled to
elect the whole number of directors until the holders of Preferred Stock shall
have exercised their right to elect two (2) directors voting as a class, after
the exercise of which right (x) the directors so elected by the holders of
Preferred Stock shall continue in office until their successors shall have been
elected by such holders or until the expiration of the default period, and (y)
any vacancy in the Board of Directors may (except as provided in Paragraph
(C)(ii) of this Section 3) be filled by vote of a majority of the remaining
directors theretofore elected by the holders of the class of stock which elected
the director whose office shall have become vacant.  References in this
Paragraph (C) to directors elected by the holders of a particular class of stock
shall include directors elected by such directors to fill vacancies as provided
in clause (y) of the foregoing sentence.

     (v)  Immediately upon the expiration of a default period, (x) the right of
the holders of Preferred Stock as a class to elect directors shall cease, (y)
the term of any directors elected by the holders of Preferred Stock as a class
shall terminate, and (z) the number of directors shall be such number as may be
provided for in the certificate of incorporation or by-laws irrespective of any
increase made pursuant to the provisions of Paragraph (C)(ii) of this Section 3
(such number being subject, however, to change thereafter in any manner provided
by law or in the certificate of incorporation or by-laws).  Any vacancies in the
Board of Directors effected by the provisions of clauses (y) and (z) in the
preceding sentence may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors.

     (D)  Except as set forth herein, holders of Series A Junior Participating
Preferred Stock shall have no special voting rights and their consent shall not
be required (except to the extent they are entitled to vote with holders of
Common Stock as set forth herein) for taking any corporate action.

                                      151
<PAGE>

     Section 4.  Certain Restrictions.

     (A)  Whenever quarterly dividends or other dividends or distributions
payable on the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock as provided in
Section 2 are in arrears, thereafter and until all accrued and unpaid dividends
and distributions, whether or not declared, on shares of Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock outstanding shall have been paid in full, the
Corporation shall not

     (i)  declare or pay dividends on, make any other distributions on, or
redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of stock
ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up) to the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock;

     (ii)  declare or pay dividends on or make any other distributions on any
shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred
Stock, except dividends paid ratably on the Series A Junior Participating
Preferred Stock and all such parity stock on which dividends are payable or in
arrears in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders of all such
shares are then entitled;

     (iii)  redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration shares of
any stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred
Stock, provided that the Corporation may at any time redeem, purchase or
otherwise acquire shares of any such parity stock in exchange for shares of any
stock of the Corporation ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon
dissolution, liquidation or winding up) to the Series a Junior Participating
Preferred Stock; or

     (iv)  purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of Series
A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, or any shares of stock ranking on a
parity with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, except in
accordance with a purchase offer made in writing or by publication (as
determined by the Board of Directors) to all holders of such shares upon such
terms as the Board of Directors, after consideration of the respective annual
dividend rates and other relative rights and preferences of the respective
series and classes, shall determine in good faith will result in fair and
equitable treatment among the respective series or classes.

     (B)  The Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary of the Corporation to
purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of stock of the

                                      152
<PAGE>

Corporation unless the Corporation could, under Paragraph (A) of this Section 4,
purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such time and in such manner.

     Section 5.  Reacquired Shares.  Any shares of Series A Junior Participating
                 -----------------
Preferred Stock purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any manner
whatsoever shall be retired and cancelled promptly after the acquisition
thereof.  All such shares shall upon their cancellation become authorized but
unissued shares of Preferred Stock and may be reissued as part of a new series
of Preferred Stock to be created by resolution or resolutions of the Board of
Directors, subject to the conditions and restrictions on issuance set forth
herein.

     Section 6.  Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding up.  (A)   Upon any
                 --------------------------------------
liquidation (voluntary or otherwise), dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, no distribution shall be made to the holders of shares of stock
ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up) to the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock unless, prior
thereto, the holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
shall have received an amount equal to 1,000 times the Exercise Price, plus an
amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions thereon, whether
or not declared, to the date of such payment (the "Series A Liquidation
Preference").  Following the payment of the full amount of he Series A
Liquidation Preference, no additional distributions shall be made to the holders
of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock unless, prior
thereto, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall have received an amount per
share (the "Common Adjustment") equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i)
the Series A Liquidation Preference by (ii) 1,000 (as appropriately adjusted as
set forth in subparagraph (C) below to reflect such events as stock splits,
stock dividends and recapitalizations with respect to the Common Stock) (such
number in clause (ii), the "Adjustment Number").  following the payment of the
full amount of the Series A Liquidation Preference and the Common Adjustment in
respect of all outstanding shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred
Stock and Common Stock, respectively, holders of Series A Junior Participating
Preferred Stock and holders of shares of Common Stock shall receive their
ratable and proportionate share of the remaining assets to be distributed in the
ratio of the Adjustment Number to 1 with respect to such Preferred Stock and
Common Stock, on a per share basis, respectively.

     (B)  In the event, however, that there are not sufficient assets available
to permit payment in full of the Series A Liquidation Preference and the
liquidation preferences of all other series of preferred stock, if any, which
rank on a parity with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, then
such remaining assets shall be distributed ratably to the holders of such parity
shares in proportion to their respective liquidation preferences.  In the event,
however, that there are not

                                      153
<PAGE>

sufficient assets available to permit payment in full of the Common Adjustment,
then such remaining assets shall be distributed ratably to the holders of Common
Stock.

     (C)  In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the rights
Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Common Stock payable in shares of
Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common Stock, or (iii) combine the
outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case
the Adjustment Number in effect immediately prior to such event shall be
adjusted by multiplying such Adjustment Number by a fraction the numerator of
which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such
event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that
were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

     Section 7.  Consolidation, Merger, Etc.  In case the Corporation shall
                 --------------------------
enter into any consolidation, merger, combination or other transaction in which
the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or
securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any such case the shares of
Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall at the same time be
similarly exchanged or changed in an amount per share (subject to the provision
for adjustment hereinafter set forth) equal to 1,000 times the aggregate amount
of stock, securities, cash and/or any other property (payable in kind), as the
case may be, into which or for which each share of Common Stock is changed or
exchanged. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Rights
Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Common Stock payable in shares of
Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common Stock, or (iii) combine the
outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares then in each such case
the amount set forth in the preceding sentence with respect to the exchange or
change of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall be
adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the numerator of which is the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and
the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were
outstanding immediately prior to such event.

     Section 8.  No Redemption.  The shares of Series A Junior Participating
                 -------------
Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable.

     Section 9.  Amendment.  The Amended and Restated Certificate of
                 ---------
Incorporation of the Corporation shall not be further amended in any manner
which would materially alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights
of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock so as to affect them
adversely without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority or more of
the outstanding

                                      154
<PAGE>

shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, voting separately as a
class.

     Section 10.  Fractional Shares.  Series A Junior Participating Preferred
                  -----------------
Stock may be issued in fractions of a share which shall entitle the holder, in
proportion to such holders fractional shares, to exercise voting rights, receive
dividends, participate in distributions and to have the benefit of all other
rights of holders of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have executed and subscribed this Certificate and do
affirm the foregoing as true under the penalties of perjury this 25th day of
April, 1995.

                         DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.



                         /s/ Ronald T. Carman
                         ------------------------------------------------
                         Name:   Ronald T. Carman
                         Title:  Senior vice President and
                                 Associate General Counsel

                                      155
<PAGE>



                            CERTIFICATE OF INCREASE
                                      OF
                 SERIES A JUNIOR PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK
                                      OF
                          DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.


                        Pursuant to Section 151 of the
               General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware


          Dean Witter, Discover & Co. (the "Corporation"), a corporation
organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, in accordance with Section 103 thereof, does hereby certify:

          1.  Pursuant to a Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights
of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock filed in the office of the
Secretary of State of Delaware on April 26, 1995, the Board of Directors of the
Corporation created a series of 220,000 shares of Series A Junior Participating
Preferred Stock, and as of the date hereof no shares of such series have been
issued.

          2.  The Board of Directors, on April 18, 1997, adopted the following
resolution authorizing an increase in the authorized number of shares of Series
A Junior Participating Preferred Stock from 220,000 to 450,000:

          RESOLVED, that the number of shares constituting the series of the
Corporation's Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock be increased to
450,000.

                                      156

<PAGE>


          3.  This Certificate of Increase and the increase in the authorized
number of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock provided for
herein shall not become effective until, and shall become effective at,
12:01 a.m. on May 31, 1997.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed and subscribed this
Certificate of Increase this 30th day of May, 1997.


                              DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.


                              By:   /s/ Christine A. Edwards
                                 ---------------------------------
                                 Name:  Christine A. Edwards
                                 Title: Executive Vice President,
                                        General Counsel & Secretary

                                      157

<PAGE>


                                                           STATE OF DELAWARE
                                                           SECRETARY OF STATE
                                                       DIVISION OF CORPORATIONS
                                                       FILED 03:00 PM 03/24/1998
                                                           981113145 - 0923632

                           CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
                                      TO
               AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
                                      OF
                  MORGAN STANLEY, DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.

                        Pursuant to Section 242 of the
                          General Corporation Law of
                             the State of Delaware

        Morgan Stanley, Dean Witter, Discover & Co. (the "Corporation"), a
corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, does hereby certify that:

        FIRST:     The Board of Directors of the Corporation, by unanimous
written consent pursuant to Section 141 of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware, duly adopted resolutions setting forth a proposed amendment
to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation,
declaring said amendment to be advisable and authorizing the officers of the
Corporation to submit such amendment to the stockholders of the Corporation for
approval at the Corporation's 1998 annual meeting of stockholders. The
resolution setting forth the proposed amendment is as follows:

        RESOLVED, that the Board of Directors declares it advisable that
Article I of the Corporation's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
be amended to read in its entirety as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I

                                     NAME
                                     ----

        The name of the corporation (which is hereinafter referred to as the
"Corporation") is:

                       Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co.

        SECOND:  Thereafter, pursuant to resolution of its Board of Directors,
the 1998 annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation was duly called and
held, upon notice in accordance with Section 222 of the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware, at which meeting the necessary number of shares as
required by the Corporation's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
were voted in favor of the amendment.

        THIRD:  Said amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the
provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware.

                                      158
<PAGE>

        FOURTH:  This Certificate of Amendment shall not become effective until,
and shall become effective at, 5:00 p.m. on March 24, 1998.

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate to be
signed by Ronald T. Carman, its Assistant Secretary, this 24th day of March,
1998.


                                     MORGAN STANLEY, DEAN WITTER, DISCOVER & CO.


                                     BY: /s/ Ronald T. Carman
                                        ---------------------------------------
                                        Ronald T. Carman, Assistant Secretary

                                      159
<PAGE>


                          CERTIFICATE OF ELIMINATION
                              OF PREFERRED STOCK
                      OF MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.
                  (Pursuant to Section 151(g) of the General
                   Corporation Law of the State of Delaware)


          Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co., a corporation duly organized and
existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the
"Corporation"), certifies as follows:

          FIRST:       The Corporation's Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation authorizes the issuance of 1,000,000 shares of a series of
Preferred Stock designated 7-3/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value $0.01
per share, with a stated value of $200.00 per share (the "7-3/8% Preferred
Stock").

          SECOND:      The Preferred Stock Financing Committee of the Board of
Directors of the Corporation (the "Preferred Stock Financing Committee")
redeemed and retired all issued and outstanding shares of the 7-3/8% Preferred
Stock, which constituted all authorized shares of the 7-3/8% Preferred Stock.

          THIRD:       Pursuant to the provisions of Section 151(g) of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "GCL"), the Preferred
Stock Financing Committee adopted the following resolutions:

     RESOLVED FURTHER, that upon redemption of the 7-3/8% Preferred Stock and
     corresponding Depositary Shares, all of the shares of 7-3/8% Preferred
     Stock so redeemed shall be retired; and

     RESOLVED FURTHER, that upon redemption and retirement of the 7-3/8%
     Preferred Stock in accordance with the foregoing resolutions, none of the
     authorized shares of such series of Preferred Stock will be outstanding and
     no shares of such series thereafter will be issued; and

     RESOLVED FURTHER, that any officer of the Corporation is authorized and
     directed to execute a Certificate of Elimination as provided by Section
     151(g) of the GCL in accordance with Section 103 of the GCL, substantially
     in the form attached as Exhibit A, with such changes therein as the officer
     executing the same may approve and as are permitted by the GCL to be made
     by such officer, such approval to be conclusively evidenced by such
     officer's execution of such Certificate of Elimination, and to file the
     same forthwith in the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of
     Delaware, and when such Certificate of Elimination becomes

                                      160
<PAGE>


     effective, all references to the 7-3/8% Preferred Stock in the Amended and
     Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation shall be
     eliminated and the shares of 7-3/8% Preferred Stock so redeemed and retired
     shall resume the status of authorized and unissued shares of Preferred
     Stock of the Corporation, without designation as to series.

          FOURTH:  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 151(g) of the GCL, all
references to 7-3/8% Preferred Stock in the Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of the Corporation hereby are eliminated, and the shares that were
designated to such series hereby are returned to the status of authorized but
unissued shares of the Preferred Stock of the Corporation, without designation
as to series.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this certificate to be
signed by Martin M. Cohen, its Assistant Secretary, this 21 day of October,
1998.


                                MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.



                                By: /s/ Martin M. Cohen
                                   ----------------------------
                                   Title: Assistant Secretary


                                      161
<PAGE>


                           CERTIFICATE OF ELIMINATION
                                     OF THE
                        7.80% CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK
                             ($200.00 Stated Value)
                      OF MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.


                       (Pursuant to Section 151(g) of the
               General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware)


     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co., a corporation duly organized and existing
under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "Corporation"),
certifies as follows:

     FIRST:  The Corporation's Amended and Restated Certificate of Corporation
authorizes the issuance of 1,150,000 shares of a series of Preferred Stock
designated 7.80% Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, with a
stated value of $200.00 per share (the "7.80% Preferred Stock").

     SECOND:  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 151(g) of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "DGCL"), the Preferred Stock
Financing Committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation adopted the
following resolutions:

          RESOLVED FURTHER, that none of the authorized shares of the 7.80%
          Preferred Stock are outstanding and none of the authorized shares of
          such series of Preferred Stock will be issued; and

          RESOLVED FURTHER, that any officer of the Corporation is authorized
          and directed to execute a Certificate of Elimination as provided by
          Section 151(g) of the DGCL in accordance with Section 103 of the DGCL,
          substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A, with such changes
          therein as the officer executing the same may approve and as are
          permitted by the DGCL to be made by such officer, such approval to be
          conclusively evidenced by such officer's execution of such Certificate
          of Elimination, and to file the same forthwith in the Office of the
          Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, and when such Certificate
          of Elimination becomes effective, all references to the 7.80%
          Preferred Stock in the Amended and Restated Certificate of
          Incorporation of the Corporation shall be eliminated and the shares of
          7.80% Preferred Stock shall resume the status of authorized and
          unissued shares of Preferred Stock of the Corporation, without
          designation as to series.

     THIRD:  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 151(g) of the DGCL, all
references to 7.80% Preferred Stock in the Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of the Corporation hereby are eliminated, and the shares that were
designated to such series hereby are

                                      162
<PAGE>

returned to the status of authorized but unissued shares of the Preferred Stock
of the Corporation, without designation as to series.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this certificate to be
signed by Martin M. Cohen, its assistant Secretary, this 2nd day of March, 1999.


     MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.


     By     /s/ Martin M. Cohen
            -------------------

     Name:  Martin M. Cohen

     Title:  Assistant Secretary

                                      163
<PAGE>


                           CERTIFICATE OF ELIMINATION
                                     OF THE
                        7.82% CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK
                             ($200.00 Stated Value)
                      OF MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.


                       (Pursuant to Section 151(g) of the
               General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware)


     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co., a corporation duly organized and existing
under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "Corporation"),
certifies as follows:

     FIRST:  The Corporation's Amended and Restated Certificate of Corporation
authorizes the issuance of 611,238 shares of a series of Preferred Stock
designated 7.82% Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, with a
stated value of $200.00 per share (the "7.82% Preferred Stock").

     SECOND:  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 151(g) of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "DGCL"), the Preferred Stock
Financing Committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation adopted the
following resolutions:

          RESOLVED FURTHER, that none of the authorized shares of the 7.82%
          Preferred Stock are outstanding and none of the authorized shares of
          such series of Preferred Stock will be issued; and


          RESOLVED FURTHER, that any officer of the Corporation is authorized
          and directed to execute a Certificate of Elimination as provided by
          Section 151(g) of the DGCL in accordance with Section 103 of the DGCL,
          substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A, with such changes
          therein as the officer executing the same may approve and as are
          permitted by the DGCL to be made by such officer, such approval to be
          conclusively evidenced by such officer's execution of such Certificate
          of Elimination, and to file the same forthwith in the Office of the
          Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, and when such Certificate
          of Elimination becomes effective, all references to the 7.82%
          Preferred Stock in the Amended and Restated Certificate of
          Incorporation of the Corporation shall be eliminated and the shares of
          7.82% Preferred Stock shall resume the status of authorized and
          unissued shares of Preferred Stock of the Corporation, without
          designation as to series.

     THIRD:  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 151(g) of the DGCL, all
references to 7.82% Preferred Stock in the Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of the Corporation hereby are eliminated, and the shares that were
designated to such series hereby are

                                      164
<PAGE>

returned to the status of authorized but unissued shares of the Preferred Stock
of the Corporation, without designation as to series.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this certificate to be
signed by Martin M. Cohen, its assistant Secretary, this 2nd day of March, 1999.


                                  MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.


                                  By     /s/ Martin M. Cohen
                                         --------------------
                                  Name:  Martin M. Cohen
                                  Title: Assistant Secretary

                                      165
<PAGE>

                           Certificate of Amendment
                                       to
               Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
                                       of
                        Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co.

                         Pursuant to Section 242 of the
                           General Corporation Law of
                             the State of Delaware


     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co. (the "Company"), a corporation organized
and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, does hereby certify that:

     FIRST:  The Board of Directors of the Company, at a duly convened
telephonic meeting of the Board of Directors held on December 20, 1999, duly
adopted resolutions setting forth a proposed amendment to the Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, declaring said amendment
to be advisable and authorizing the officers of the Company to submit such
amendment to the stockholders of the Company for approval at the Company's 2000
annual meeting of stockholders.  The resolution setting forth the proposed
amendment is as follows:

     "RESOLVED, that the Board of Directors declares it advisable that the first
sentence of Article IV of the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation in effect on the date hereof be amended to read in its entirety as
follows:

     The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation shall the
     authority to issue is three billion five hundred thirty million
     (3,530,000,000), consisting of thirty million (30,000,000) shares of
     Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (hereinafter referred to as
     "Preferred Stock"), and three billion five hundred million (3,500,000,000)
     shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (hereinafter referred to
     as "Common Stock")."

     SECOND:  Thereafter, pursuant to resolution of its Board of Directors, the
2000 annual meeting of stockholders of the Company was duly called and held,
upon notice in accordance with Section 222 of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware, at which meeting the necessary number of shares as required
by Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware were
voted in favor of the amendment.

     THIRD:  Said amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions
of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Certificate to be signed by
Ronald T. Carman, its Assistant Secretary this 11th day of April, 2000.

                                MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.



                                By: /s/ Ronald T. Carman
                                   ---------------------
                                        Ronald T. Carman, Assistant Secretary



                                      166
<PAGE>

                           CERTIFICATE OF ELIMINATION

                                     OF THE

                        9.00% CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK

                             ($200.00 Stated Value)

                      OF MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.


                       (Pursuant to Section 151(g) of the

               General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware)


     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co., a corporation duly organized and existing
under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "Corporation"),
certifies as follows:

     FIRST:  The Corporation's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
authorizes the issuance of 720,900 shares of a series of Preferred Stock
designated 9.00% Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, with a
stated value of $200.00 per share (the "9.00% Preferred Stock").

     SECOND:  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 151(g) of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "DGCL"), the Preferred Stock
Financing Committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation adopted the
following resolutions:

          RESOLVED, that none of the authorized shares of the 9.00% Preferred
          Stock are outstanding and none of the authorized shares of such series
          of Preferred Stock will be issued; and


          RESOLVED FURTHER, that any officer of the Corporation is authorized
          and directed to execute a Certificate of Elimination as provided by
          Section 151(g) of the DGCL in accordance with Section 103 of the DGCL,
          substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A, with such changes
          therein as the officer executing the same may approve and as are
          permitted by the DGCL to be made by such officer, such approval to be
          conclusively evidenced by such officer's execution of such Certificate
          of Elimination, and to file the same forthwith in the Office of the
          Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, and when such Certificate
          of Elimination becomes effective, all references to the 9.00%
          Preferred Stock in the Amended and Restated Certificate of
          Incorporation of the Corporation shall be eliminated and the shares of
          9.00% Preferred Stock shall resume the status of authorized and
          unissued shares of Preferred Stock of the Corporation, without
          designation as to series.

     THIRD:  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 151(g) of the DGCL, all
references to 9.00% Preferred Stock in the Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of the Corporation hereby are eliminated, and the shares that were
designated to such series hereby are returned to the status of authorized but
unissued shares of the Preferred Stock of the Corporation, without designation
as to series.
<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this certificate to be
signed by Martin M. Cohen, its Assistant Secretary, this 30th  day of January,
2001.


                                MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.


                                By   /s/ Martin M. Cohen
                                     -------------------
                                Name:  Martin M. Cohen
                                Title: Assistant Secretary
<PAGE>

                           CERTIFICATE OF ELIMINATION

                                     OF THE

                        ESOP CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

                      OF MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.


                       (Pursuant to Section 151(g) of the

               General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware)


     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co., a corporation duly organized and existing
under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "Corporation"),
certifies as follows:

     FIRST:  The Corporation's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
authorizes the issuance of 3,902,438 shares of a series of Preferred Stock
designated ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the
"ESOP Preferred Stock").

     SECOND:  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 151(g) of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "DGCL"), the Preferred Stock
Financing Committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation adopted the
following resolutions:

          RESOLVED FURTHER, that none of the authorized shares of the ESOP
          Preferred Stock are outstanding and none of the authorized shares of
          such series of Preferred Stock will be issued; and


          RESOLVED FURTHER, that any officer of the Corporation is authorized
          and directed to execute a Certificate of Elimination as provided by
          Section 151(g) of the DGCL in accordance with Section 103 of the DGCL,
          substantially in the form attached as Exhibit B, with such changes
          therein as the officer executing the same may approve and as are
          permitted by the DGCL to be made by such officer, such approval to be
          conclusively evidenced by such officer's execution of such Certificate
          of Elimination, and to file the same forthwith in the Office of the
          Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, and when such Certificate
          of Elimination becomes effective, all references to the ESOP Preferred
          Stock in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the
          Corporation shall be eliminated and the shares of the ESOP Preferred
          Stock shall resume the status of authorized and unissued shares of
          Preferred Stock of the Corporation, without designation as to series.

     THIRD:  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 151(g) of the DGCL, all
references to the ESOP Preferred Stock in the Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation of the Corporation hereby are eliminated, and the shares that
were designated to such series hereby are returned to the status of authorized
but unissued shares of the Preferred Stock of the Corporation, without
designation as to series.
<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this certificate to be
signed by Martin M. Cohen, its Assistant Secretary, this 30th day of January,
2001.


                         MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.


                         By    /s/ Martin M. Cohen
                              --------------------
                         Name:  Martin M. Cohen
                         Title: Assistant Secretary
<PAGE>

                           CERTIFICATE OF ELIMINATION

                                     OF THE

                        8.20% CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK

                             ($200.00 Stated Value)

                      OF MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.


                       (Pursuant to Section 151(g) of the

               General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware)


     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co., a corporation duly organized and existing
under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "Corporation"),
certifies as follows:

     FIRST:  The Corporation's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
authorizes the issuance of 847,500 shares of a series of Preferred Stock
designated 8.20% Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, with a
stated value of $200.00 per share (the "8.20% Preferred Stock").

     SECOND:  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 151(g) of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "DGCL"), the Preferred Stock
Financing Committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation adopted the
following resolutions:

          RESOLVED FURTHER, that none of the authorized shares of the 8.20%
          Preferred Stock are outstanding and none of the authorized shares of
          such series of Preferred Stock will be issued; and


          RESOLVED FURTHER, that any officer of the Corporation is authorized
          and directed to execute a Certificate of Elimination as provided by
          Section 151(g) of the DGCL in accordance with Section 103 of the DGCL,
          substantially in the form attached as Exhibit C, with such changes
          therein as the officer executing the same may approve and as are
          permitted by the DGCL to be made by such officer, such approval to be
          conclusively evidenced by such officer's execution of such Certificate
          of Elimination, and to file the same forthwith in the Office of the
          Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, and when such Certificate
          of Elimination becomes effective, all references to the 8.20%
          Preferred Stock in the Amended and Restated Certificate of
          Incorporation of the Corporation shall be eliminated and the shares of
          the 8.20% Preferred Stock shall resume the status of authorized and
          unissued shares of Preferred Stock of the Corporation, without
          designation as to series.

     THIRD:  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 151(g) of the DGCL, all
references to the 8.20% Preferred Stock in the Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation of the Corporation hereby are eliminated, and the shares that
were designated to such series hereby are returned to the status of authorized
but unissued shares of the Preferred Stock of the Corporation, without
designation as to series.
<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this certificate to be
signed by Martin M. Cohen, its Assistant Secretary, this 30th  day of January,
2001.


                     MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.


                     By   /s/ Martin M. Cohen
                          -------------------
                     Name:  Martin M. Cohen
                     Title: Assistant Secretary
<PAGE>

                           CERTIFICATE OF ELIMINATION

                                     OF THE

                        8.40% CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK

                             ($200.00 Stated Value)

                      OF MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.


                       (Pursuant to Section 151(g) of the

               General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware)


     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co., a corporation duly organized and existing
under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "Corporation"),
certifies as follows:

     FIRST:  The Corporation's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
authorizes the issuance of 996,776 shares of a series of Preferred Stock
designated 8.40% Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, with a
stated value of $200.00 per share (the "8.40% Preferred Stock").

     SECOND:  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 151(g) of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "DGCL"), the Preferred Stock
Financing Committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation adopted the
following resolutions:

          RESOLVED FURTHER, that none of the authorized shares of the 8.40%
          Preferred Stock are outstanding and none of the authorized shares of
          such series of Preferred Stock will be issued; and


          RESOLVED FURTHER, that any officer of the Corporation is authorized
          and directed to execute a Certificate of Elimination as provided by
          Section 151(g) of the DGCL in accordance with Section 103 of the DGCL,
          substantially in the form attached as Exhibit D, with such changes
          therein as the officer executing the same may approve and as are
          permitted by the DGCL to be made by such officer, such approval to be
          conclusively evidenced by such officer's execution of such Certificate
          of Elimination, and to file the same forthwith in the Office of the
          Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, and when such Certificate
          of Elimination becomes effective, all references to the 8.40%
          Preferred Stock in the Amended and Restated Certificate of
          Incorporation of the Corporation shall be eliminated and the shares of
          8.40% Preferred Stock shall resume the status of authorized and
          unissued shares of Preferred Stock of the Corporation, without
          designation as to series.

     THIRD:  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 151(g) of the DGCL, all
references to 8.40% Preferred Stock in the Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of the Corporation hereby are eliminated, and the shares that were
designated to such series hereby are returned to the status of authorized but
unissued shares of the Preferred Stock of the Corporation, without designation
as to series.
<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this certificate to be
signed by Martin M. Cohen, its Assistant Secretary, this 30th  day of January,
2001.


                     MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.


                     By   /s/ Martin M. Cohen
                          -------------------
                     Name:  Martin M. Cohen
                     Title: Assistant Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>dex1019.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO DEAN WITTER START PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.19

                                AMENDMENT TO THE
                             DEAN WITTER START PLAN
                             ----------------------

     WHEREAS, Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. ("DWR"), a Delaware corporation,
maintains the Dean Witter START Plan, as amended (the "START Plan");

     WHEREAS, DWR desires that the START Plan be amended as set forth herein;

     NOW, THEREFORE, the START Plan is hereby amended as follows:

1.  Effective January 1, 2000, the definition of the term "Period of Service" in
Section 3(a) of the START Plan shall be amended by adding the following sentence
to the end thereof:

          "Effective January 1, 2000, Period of Service shall include such
     periods as the Company determines are required to be taken into account for
     eligibility and vesting purposes in order to comply with Code section
     414(n)(4)."

2.  Effective January 1, 2001, Subsection (i) of Section 5(a) of the START Plan
shall be amended by adding the following paragraph to the end thereof:

          "Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 5(a)(i),
     effective January 1, 2001: each Participant who is an Eligible Employee or
     Immediately Eligible Employee may make Basic Pre-Tax Contributions to the
     Plan for any year equal to any whole percentage from 1% to 12% of the
     Participant's Earnings for such year, and no additional Supplemental Pre-
     Tax Contributions shall be permitted; the Plan Administrator may at any
     time and from time to time limit the amount of Basic Pre-Tax Contributions
     allowed to be made by some or all Eligible Employees or Immediately
     Eligible Employees to ensure compliance with applicable nondiscrimination
     or other rules, provided however, that in no event shall any such
     limitation restrict employees that are not Highly Compensated Employees to
     any greater extent than similarly situated individuals that are Highly
     Compensated Employees."

3.  Effective January 1, 2001, Section 5(e) of the START Plan shall be amended
by adding the following sentence to the end thereof:

          "In the event that a Participant's Elective Deferrals and his elective
     deferrals (as defined by Code section 402(g)) to all plans other than the
     START Plan exceed the limit set forth in Code section 402(g) and the Plan
     Administrator cannot reasonably distribute such Excess Elective Deferrals
     prior to the April 15th  next following the close of

                                       1
<PAGE>

     the taxable year in which the excess deferrals were made, then such
     Participant's Excess Elective Deferrals shall remain in the Trust on the
     same terms and subject to the same distribution rules as other Elective
     Deferrals."

4.   Effective January 1, 2000, Section 5(f)(1) of the START Plan shall be
amended by adding the following two sentences to the end thereof:

          "Effective for Plan Years beginning on or after January 1, 1997 and
     before January 1, 2001, the ADP test shall be applied using the current
     year testing method.  Effective for Plan Years beginning on or after
     January 1, 2001, the ADP test shall be applied using the prior year testing
     method."

5.   Effective January 1, 1997, with respect to Plan Years beginning on or after
such date, clause (iv) of Section 5(f)(2) of the START Plan shall be amended to
read as follows:

          "(iv)  all such Qualified Non-Elective Contributions and Qualified
     Matching Contributions are allocated to the accounts of Eligible Employees
     as of a date within the Plan Year (pursuant to Regulations section
     1.401(k)-(b)(4)(i)(A)) as if such contributions were Elective Deferrals and
     as if such contributions are made before the end of the 12-month period
     immediately following the Plan Year to which the contributions relate;
     and,"

6.   Effective January 1, 2000, with respect to Plan Years beginning on or after
such date, the third sentence of Section 5(g)(1) of the START Plan shall be
amended by inserting the phrase "Excess Contribution for the preceding Plan Year
allocated to the Participant" in lieu of the phrase "Excess Contribution on
behalf of the Participant for the preceding Plan Year".

7.  Effective January 1, 2000, Section 5(h)(1) of the START Plan shall be
amended by adding the following two sentences to the end thereof:

          "Effective for Plan Years beginning on or after January 1, 1997 and
     before January 1, 2001, the ACP test shall be applied using the current
     year testing method.  Effective for Plan Years beginning on or after
     January 1, 2001, the ACP test shall be applied using the prior year testing
     method."

8.   Effective January 1, 1997, Section 5(h)(2) of the START Plan shall be
amended to read as follows:

     "(2)  Contributions made by or on behalf of Highly Compensated Employees
     shall not exceed the limits imposed upon multiple use of the alternative
     limitation by Code section 401(m)(9).  For this purpose, Code section
     401(m)(9) and Regulations section 1.401(m)-2(b) are incorporated herein by
     reference.  For Plan Years beginning prior to

                                       2
<PAGE>

     January 1, 1997, if one or more Highly Compensated Employees' Contributions
     exceed the multiple use limit, then the Actual Contribution Ratio ("ACR")
     of Highly Compensated Employees shall be reduced (starting with such Highly
     Compensated Employee whose ACR is the highest) so that the limit is not
     exceeded, and the amount of any such reduction shall be treated as an
     Excess Aggregate Contribution. For Plan Years beginning on or after January
     1, 1997, if the sum of the ADP and the ACP of Highly Compensated Employees
     exceeds the multiple use limit, then the ACP of Highly Compensated
     Employees shall be reduced in the same manner as that used in determining
     Excess Aggregate Contributions, and the amount by which each Highly
     Compensated Employees' Contributions is thereby reduced shall be treated as
     an Excess Aggregate Contribution; and for these purposes, the ADP and ACP
     of Highly Compensated Employees are determined after any adjustments
     required to pass the tests described in Sections 5(f)(1) and 5(h)(1) and
     are deemed to be the maximum permitted under such tests for the Plan Year.
     Multiple use shall not occur if the ADP and ACP of Highly Compensated
     Employees is not greater than 125% of the ADP and ACP of non-Highly
     Compensated Employees."

9.   Effective January 1, 1997, clause (iv) of Section 5(h)(3) of the START Plan
shall be amended to read as follows:

          "(iv) the Qualified Non-Elective Contributions are allocated to the
     accounts of Eligible Employees as of a date within the Plan Year (pursuant
     to Regulations section 1.401(k)-(b)(4)(i)(A)) and the Elective Deferrals
     satisfy Regulations section 1.401(k)-1(b)(4)(i) for the Plan Year; and the
     Qualified Non-Elective Contributions are made before the end of the 12-
     month period immediately following the Plan Year to which the contributions
     relate, and,"

10.   Effective January 1, 1997, Section 5(i)(1) of the START Plan shall be
amended to read as follows:

          "Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, Excess Aggregate
     Contributions allocated to Highly Compensated Employees plus any income or
     minus any loss allocable thereto shall be forfeited, if forfeitable, or, if
     not forfeitable, distributed not later than the last day of each Plan Year
     on the basis of the respective portions of such Excess Aggregate
     Contributions allocated to Highly Compensated Employees whose Contributions
     for a Plan Year must be reduced under Section 5(h) and, effective January
     1, 1997, Code section 401(m)(6)(C), to enable the Plan to satisfy the ACP
     test."

11.   Effective January 1, 1997, Section 5(i)(2) of the START Plan shall be
amended by inserting the phrase "or, for Plan Years beginning on or after
January 1, 1997, Excess Aggregate Contribution for the preceding Plan Year
allocated to the Highly Compensated Employee"

                                       3
<PAGE>

immediately following the phrase "Excess Aggregate Contributions on behalf of
the Highly Compensated Employee for the preceding Plan Year".

12.  Effective March 1, 2001, Sections 6(a) through 6(c) of the START Plan shall
be amended to read as follows:

     "SECTION 6.  INVESTMENT OF EMPLOYEE CONTRIBUTIONS.
                  ------------------------------------

        "(a) Investment of Employee Contributions.  A Participant shall, in a
             ------------------------------------
     manner prescribed by the Plan Administrator, direct the investment of his
     or her Employee Contributions among the Investment Funds available under
     the Plan in whole one-percentage increments, all of which together shall
     equal 100%; provided that, prior to March 1, 2001, any such direction shall
     be limited to no more than five available Investment Funds and shall only
     be made in whole percentage increments that are multiples of 10%.

        "(b) Changing Investment Directions for Future Contributions. In
             -------------------------------------------------------
     accordance with procedures established by the Plan Administrator for this
     purpose, a Participant may elect to change the Investment Funds in which
     his or her future Employee Contributions will be invested and/or the
     percentage of such contributions that will be invested in any available
     Investment Fund; provided that such elections shall be made in whole one-
     percentage increments, all of which together shall equal 100% and that only
     one change may be effected in any day; and provided, further, that prior to
     March 1, 2001, Participants shall be limited to one such election per
     quarterly record provided to the Participant by the Plan Administrator (or
     as otherwise determined by the Plan Administrator on a uniform and
     nondiscriminatory basis), which election shall be limited to no more than
     five available Investment Funds per election and shall only be made in
     whole percentage increments that are multiples of 10%.

        "(c) Fund Balance Transfers.  In accordance with procedures established
             ----------------------
     by the Plan Administrator for this purpose, a Participant may elect to
     transfer all or any portion of his or her Employee Contribution Accounts
     among available Investment Funds (a "Fund Balance Transfer" or "FBT")
     subject to the provisions of this Section 6(c).  A Participant may make one
     FBT per business day, subject to Section 6(e), provided that prior to March
     1, 2001, a Participant may make one FBT per quarterly record provided to
     the Participant by the Plan Administrator (or as otherwise determined by
     the Plan Administrator on a uniform and nondiscriminatory basis)."

        "With respect to FBTs directed before March 1, 2001, FBTs shall only be
     made in whole percentage increments that are multiples of 10%, shall be
     directed in whole shares or percentages of shares credited from an
     Investment Fund to up to five other Investment Funds, and shall otherwise
     be subject to the provisions of the Plan in effect as of the date

                                       4
<PAGE>

of the direction. In transferring assets among Investment Funds prior to March
1, 2001, the Plan Administrator shall deduct the amount(s) to be transferred
from the Participant's Employee Contribution Accounts in the following order:

                (1) Supplemental After-Tax;
                (2) Basic After-Tax;
                (3) Basic After-Tax Adjustment;
                (4) Supplemental Pre-Tax; and,
                (5) Basic Pre-Tax."

        "In the case of an FBT on or after March 1, 2001, the Plan Administrator
     shall transfer assets among Investment Funds from the Participant's
     Accounts in the order determined by the Plan Administrator on a uniform and
     nondiscriminatory basis."

13.   Effective March 1, 2001, Section 6(d) of the START Plan shall be amended
by inserting the following language immediately following the title
"Diversification of Company Contribution Account":
- ------------------------------------------------

          "(i)  On or After March 1, 2001.  Each eligible Participant may make
                -------------------------
     an election to direct the investment of the eligible portion of his or her
     Company Contribution Account to such designated investment funds (as
     defined below) as he or she shall select.  For purposes of this Section
     6(d), "designated investment funds" shall be such alternative investment
     funds established within the Plan or in another defined contribution plan
     of the Company or one of its Affiliates that is intended to be qualified
     under Code section 401(a) to receive the transfers described in this
     Section 6(d) which the Plan Administrator shall designate from time to time
     as alternative investment funds (or in the absence of such a designation,
     all of the Investment Funds under this Plan that are available for
     investments of new Pre-Tax Contributions at the time the election under
     this Section 6(d) is made); provided that, for purposes of this Section
     6(d), an "eligible Participant" shall mean any Participant who has attained
     age 55.

          "(ii)  The portion of an eligible Participant's Company Contribution
     Account which is subject to an election to change investments is equal to
     the excess of (I) over (II) as follows:

                    (I) 50% of the total number of shares of MWD Stock that have
               ever been allocated to such Participant's Company Contribution
               Account as of the date of such Participant's election (adjusted
               appropriately to reflect subdivision or combinations of such
               shares or similar transactions); provided that "75%" shall be
               substituted for "50%" for any eligible Participant who has
               attained age 60; and

                                       5
<PAGE>

                    (II) the number of shares of MWD Stock that have ever been
               allocated to such Participant's Company Contribution Account
               (adjusted appropriately to reflect subdivisions or combinations
               of such shares or similar transactions) that have been
               alternatively invested or transferred to another plan by the
               Participant pursuant to his or her prior elections under this
               Section 6(d).

          "(iii)  An election to direct an investment transfer under this
     Section 6(d) will be given effect as soon as administratively practicable.
     An eligible Participant may make up to four such elections in any Plan
     Year.

          "(iv)  Prior to March 1, 2001."
                 ----------------------

14.  Effective March 1, 2001, the last sentence of Section 6(d) of the START
Plan shall be renumbered as clause (v) of Section 6(d).

15.  Effective March 1, 2001, Section 6(e) of the START Plan shall be amended by
adding the following to the end thereof:

        "The Plan Administrator shall adopt such rules and procedures as it
     deems advisable with respect to all matters relating to the election and
     use of the Investment Funds and the MSDW Stock Fund. The Plan Administrator
     shall have the right, without prior notice to any Participant, to suspend
     for a limited period of time daily transfers between and among Investment
     Funds or the MSDW Stock Fund or to delay effecting transfers between and
     among Investment Funds or the MSDW Stock Fund for one or more days if the
     Plan Administrator determines that such action is necessary or advisable
     (A) in light of unusual market conditions, (B) in response to technical or
     mechanical problems with the automated system or the Plan's third-party
     record keeper or (C) in connection with any suspension of normal trading
     activity on the New York Stock Exchange or other applicable exchange or
     automated trading system.

16.  Effective March 1, 2001, Section 7(b) of the START Plan shall be amended to
read as follows:

        "(b) Investment of Trust Fund.  Except as otherwise provided in
             ------------------------
     Section 6(d), all Company Contributions shall be invested entirely in the
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Stock Fund; prior to March 1, 2001, all Dean
     Witter Discover Stock, Sears Stock, Allstate Stock, and SPS Stock (prior to
     October 15, 1998) included in Rollover or Qualified Plan Transfer
     Contributions, or cash in lieu of fractional shares of Stock, shall be
     invested in the Dean Witter Discover Stock Fund, the Sears Stock Fund, the
     Allstate Stock Fund, or the SPS Fund as appropriate. All other
     contributions shall be invested in

                                       6
<PAGE>

     such Investment Funds as the Company shall specify in accordance with the
     investment directions of the appropriate Participant. Notwithstanding any
     provision of the Plan to the contrary, any amounts that are attributable to
     employer contributions and that are held in the SPS Stock Fund on October
     15, 1998, or the Sears or Allstate Stock Funds on March 1, 2001, shall be
     transferred to the Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Stock Fund as soon as
     practicable after such respective dates.

17.    Effective March 1, 2001, Section 7(c) of the START Plan shall be amended
to read as follows:

        "(c) Investment Funds.  The Trust Fund shall be composed of the Morgan
             ----------------
     Stanley Dean Witter Stock Fund, effective as of March 1, 2001, and such
     other Investment Funds as shall be designated by the Company pursuant to
     Section 7(c)(ii).  Prior to March 1, 2001,
     the Trust Fund also included the Sears Stock Fund and the Allstate Stock
     Fund, and prior to October 15, 1998, the SPS Stock Fund, and all references
     in the Plan to such Funds shall be construed in a manner consistent with
     the liquidation of such Funds effective as of March 1, 2001."

18.    Effective March 1, 2001, Subsections (iii) and (iv) of Section 7(c) of
the START Plan shall be amended by adding the phrase "Prior to March 1, 2000" at
the beginning of each such Subsection.

19.   Effective January 1, 2001, clause (iv) of Section 8(a) of the START Plan
shall be amended by adding the phrase "made before January 1, 2001" immediately
after the phrase "Supplemental Pre-Tax Contributions".

20.  Effective March 1, 2001, Section 9(b) of the START Plan shall be amended by
replacing the phrase "in a money market fund designated as an Investment Fund
under the Plan" with the phrase "in an Investment Fund designated from time to
time by the Plan Administrator on a uniform and nondiscriminatory basis".

21.  Effective March 1, 2001, Section 10(b) of the START Plan shall be amended
to read as follows:

     "(b)  Forfeitures. Effective March 1, 2001, the non-vested portion of the
           -----------
     Matching Contribution Account of a Participant shall be forfeited as of the
     end of the month in which occurs such Participant's Termination of
     Employment; provided that the non-vested portion of the Matching
     Contribution Account of any Participant whose Termination of Employment is
     prior to March 1, 2001 shall be forfeited as of the last day of the Plan
     Year in which such Participant terminates employment except that the non-
     vested portion of the Matching Contribution Account of any Participant who
     was an Employee before January 1, 1989 but did not have at least one Hour
     of Service on or after

                                       7
<PAGE>

     January 1, 1989 shall be forfeited in accordance with the rules applicable
     under the Plan immediately prior thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if
     a Participant who terminates employment shall subsequently be credited with
     one Year of Service before incurring five consecutive One Year Breaks, the
     amount so forfeited shall be restored to such Participant's Matching
     Contribution Account without adjustment for income, gains or losses;
     provided that such restoration shall be made from forfeitures arising in
     the Plan Year in which the restoration occurs and, to the extent necessary,
     from a special Company contribution which shall be made for that purpose.
     The foregoing forfeiture provisions shall only apply to the extent
     permitted by applicable law."

22.   Effective March 1, 2001, Section 11(a) of the START Plan shall be amended
by adding the following to the end thereof:

     "With respect to distributions occurring on or after March 1, 2001, a
     Participant may request a distribution of all or any portion of his Plan
     Benefit, in accordance with procedures specified by the Plan Administrator;
     provided that a Participant may not receive more than two distributions in
     any calendar year and may not receive a single distribution which is less
     than $500 (or the amount of the Participant's remaining Plan Benefit, if
     less) under this Section 11(a). In the case of a distribution under this
     Section 11(a) which is less than the entire amount of a Participant's Plan
     Benefit, the Plan Administrator shall withdraw assets from the
     Participant's Accounts in the order determined by the Plan Administrator on
     a uniform and nondiscriminatory basis in accordance with applicable law."

23.   Effective March 1, 2001, the first sentence of Section 11(b) of the START
Plan shall be amended by adding the phrase "Prior to March 1, 2001," immediately
prior to the phrase "Subject to Section 11(c)," and a new sentence shall be
added immediately following the first sentence of Section 11(b) to read as
follows:

          "On or after March 1, 2001, subject to Section 11(c), a Participant's
     Plan Benefit shall be distributed as soon as practicable after the date as
     of which the Participant's employment with all members of the Affiliated
     Group terminates."

24.   Effective March 1, 2000, Section 11(d) of the START Plan shall be amended
by adding the following phrase to the end of the first sentence thereof:

          "; provided that, following the death of a Participant on or after
     March 1, 2000, any amount distributed pursuant to this Section 11(d) shall
     be distributed no later than December 31st of the calendar year which
     contains the fifth anniversary of the Participant's death."


                                       8
<PAGE>

25.   Effective March 1, 2000, the second sentence of Section 11(d) of the START
Plan shall be amended by adding the phrase "Subject to the provisions of the
foregoing sentence" immediately prior to the phrase "Upon the death of a
Participant".

26.   Effective January 1, 2000, Section 11(g) of the START Plan shall be
amended by adding the following sentence immediately after the end of the second
sentence thereof:

          "In addition, effective January 1, 2000, this election shall not apply
     to a hardship distribution under Section 12(g) except to the extent
     prescribed by rules and regulations issued by the Secretary of the
     Treasury."

27.   Effective March 1, 2001, Section 12(a) of the START Plan shall be amended
by adding the phrase "except as otherwise specifically provided in this Section
12," immediately prior to the phrase "a Participant may not withdraw".

28.   Effective March 1, 2001, the portion of Section 12(b) of the START Plan
following clause (i) shall be amended to read as follows:

          "(ii)  Prior to March 1, 2001, a Participant may not make more than
     one withdrawal for any quarterly record; on and after March 1, 2001, a
     Participant may not make more than two withdrawals (other than hardship
     withdrawals described in Section 12(g)) per calendar year."

          "(iii) A Participant may not make a withdrawal from the Participant's
     Pre-Tax Accounts except (A) after attaining age 59 1/2 or (B) upon
     suffering a hardship, as provided in Sections 12(d) and (g)."

29.  Effective January  1, 2001, Section 12(c) of the START Plan shall be
amended by adding the phrase, "prior to January 1, 2001," immediately after the
word "If".

30.  Effective March 1, 2001, the Section 12(d) of the START Plan shall be
amended to read as follows:

     Source and Amount of Withdrawal.  In making a withdrawal or hardship
     -------------------------------
     withdrawal under this Section 12, a Participant shall specify the
     Investment Fund (or Funds) from which the withdrawal or hardship withdrawal
     is to be made and the amount (a specified number of whole shares or the
     entire balance in a particular Investment Fund as of the Valuation Date of
     the Quarter preceding the Quarter in which the withdrawal or hardship
     withdrawal is made) in accordance with such procedures as the Plan
     Administrator shall provide.  In the case of a hardship withdrawal prior to
     March 1, 2001, the Plan Administrator shall, after determining that the
     Participant has taken any loan permitted under Section 12(g) and withdrawn
     all available assets from Employee After-Tax

                                       9
<PAGE>

     Accounts, withdraw assets from an Investment Fund (or Funds) first from the
     Participant's Supplemental Pre-Tax Account and then from the Participant's
     Basic Pre-Tax Account. In the case of a withdrawal prior to March 1, 2001
     (other than a hardship withdrawal), in withdrawing assets from an
     Investment Fund (or Funds) the Plan Administrator shall withdraw assets
     from the Participant's Employee Contribution Accounts in the following
     order:

                (1) Supplemental After-Tax;
                (2) Basic After-Tax;
                (3) Basic After-Tax Adjustment;
                (4) Supplemental Pre-Tax; and,
                (5) Basic Pre-Tax."

     "In the case of a withdrawal, including a hardship withdrawal, on or after
     March 1, 2001, the Plan Administrator shall withdraw assets from the
     Participant's Accounts in the order determined by the Plan Administrator on
     a uniform and nondiscriminatory basis in accordance with applicable law."

31.   Effective March 1, 2001, Section 12(e) of the START Plan shall be amended
to read as follows:

          "(e)  Time of Payment of Withdrawals.  Withdrawals, and hardship
                ------------------------------
     withdrawals described in this Section 12, will be paid as soon as
     administratively practicable following the approval of the Participant's
     request for a withdrawal (or prior to March 1, 2001, normally approximately
     eight weeks following the receipt of a Participant's request for a
     withdrawal)."

32.   Effective March 1, 2001, Section 12(f) of the START Plan shall be amended
by adding the phrase "Prior to March 1, 2001," immediately prior to the phrase
"All withdrawals from Employee Accounts" and by adding a new paragraph to the
end thereof to read as follows:

          "On and after March 1, 2001, all withdrawals under this Section 12
     shall be distributed in the form of a lump sum payment consisting of (i)
     cash equal to the value of the portion of the Participant's Accounts being
     withdrawn or (ii) at the election of the Participant and as permitted under
     this Section 12, whole shares of MWD Stock, Sears Stock and/or Allstate
     Stock (each as may be credited to the Participant's Accounts) and cash
     equal to the amount of any uninvested cash, plus the value of the portions
     of the Participant's Accounts that are invested in all Investment Funds
     other than the MWD, Sears and Allstate Stock Funds, in such proportions as
     the Participant may elect and in the aggregate equal to the value of the
     portion of the Participant's Accounts being withdrawn.  Unless the
     Participant elects otherwise, payment will be made in accordance with
     clause (i) of the preceding sentence.  If a distribution is made in the
     form of shares

                                       10
<PAGE>

     of stock, any unpaid dividends which may be due with respect to such stock
     and any portion to be distributed representing fractional shares of such
     stock shall be paid in cash."

33.   Effective March 1, 2001, clause (i) of Section 12(g) of the START Plan
shall be amended by adding the phrase "prior to March 1, 2001" to the beginning
thereof.

34.  Effective March 1, 2001, clause (i) of Section 12(g) of the START shall be
amended by adding the following paragraph to the end thereof:

          `"In the case of a hardship withdrawal on or after March 1, 2001, the
     Plan Administrator shall withdraw assets from the Participant's Accounts in
     the order determined by the Plan Administrator on a uniform and
     nondiscriminatory basis in accordance with applicable law."

35.  Effective March 1, 2001, the last sentence of Subsection (ii)(B) of Section
12(h) of the START Plan shall be amended to read as follows:

          "Notwithstanding the foregoing, no loan shall be granted under this
     Section 12(h) in an amount less than $500; provided that, prior to March 1,
     2001, no loan shall be granted in an amount less than $1,000."

36.   Effective January 1, 2000, a new Subsection (xii) shall be added to
Section 12(h) of the START Plan to read as follows:

          "(xii)  Loan Procedures.  The Plan Administrator shall promulgate loan
                  ---------------
     procedures consistent with this Section 12, which, as amended from time to
     time, are hereby incorporated into and which hereby form a part of this
     Plan."

37.   Effective January 1, 1998, the first sentence of Subsection (i) of Section
13(b) of the START Plan shall be amended to read as follows:

        "(i)   Definitions.  For purposes of this Section 13, compensation shall
               -----------
     be determined on the basis of compensation actually paid and includible in
     gross income during the year, plus, for limitation years beginning after
     December 31, 1997, any elective deferrals or contributions made with
     respect to a Participant as described in Code section 415(c)(3)(D); the
     limitation year shall be the Plan Year; and excess amount shall mean the
     difference between a Participant's annual additions and the maximum
     permissible amount of such annual additions."

                                       11
<PAGE>

38.  Effective January 1, 2000, with respect to Participants, including retired
and terminated Participants who are entitled to or receiving benefits under the
START Plan, Section 13(b) of the START Plan is amended by adding the following
sentence to the end thereof:

          "This Subsection (iv) shall apply only for limitation years beginning
     before January 1, 2000."

39.  Effective January 1, 2001, Section 14(a) of the START Plan shall be amended
by adding the following to the end thereof:

          "The Plan Administrator shall have the power and the duty to take all
     actions and to make all decisions necessary or proper to carry out its
     responsibilities under the Plan.  The Plan Administrator shall have full
     power and authority to interpret and construe the Plan under all applicable
     documents related thereto, to make all factual determinations under the
     Plan, to determine benefit eligibility, and to take all such actions and
     make all such interpretations as may be necessary or advisable for the
     operation and administration of the Plan.  The determination of the Plan
     Administrator (or the Hearing Panel as provided in Section 17) as to any
     question involving the administration and interpretation of the Plan shall
     be final, conclusive and binding on all persons claiming to have a right or
     interest in or with respect to the Plan.  Such determinations may only be
     reversed under administrative or judicial review upon a finding that the
     Plan Administrator acted in an arbitrary and capricious manner.  Benefits
     under this Plan will be paid only if the Plan Administrator (or for matters
     referred to the Hearing Panel, the Hearing Panel) decides in his discretion
     that the applicant is entitled to them."

40.  Effective January 1, 2001, Section 14(d) of the START Plan shall be amended
by adding the following to the end thereof:

       "The Company, in its sole discretion, may appoint officers, employees or
     the same as members of a committee which shall be responsible for
     administration of the Plan to the extent determined by the Company and
     which shall acknowledge their fiduciary status with respect to such Plan
     administration."

41.  Effective January 1, 2001, Section 14(e) of the START Plan shall be amended
by deleting the phrase "(except `trustee responsibilities' as defined in section
405(c)(3) of ERISA)."

42.   Effective January 1, 2000, Sections 16 and 17 of the START Plan shall be
amended and  restated to read as follows:

          "SECTION 16 Claims Procedure.
           ---------------------------

                                       12
<PAGE>

                "(a)  Claims and Inquiries.  Effective January 1, 2000,
                      --------------------
          Sections 16 and 17 shall provide the exclusive rules relating to
          claims for benefits under the Plan. All claims for benefits and all
          inquiries concerning the Plan shall be submitted to the Plan
          Administrator at such address as the Plan Administrator shall
          designate from time to time. Claims for benefits must be in writing on
          the form prescribed by the Plan Administrator and must be signed by
          the person or persons indicated on such form.

                "(b)  Denial of Claims.  In the event any claim for benefits is
                      ----------------
          denied, in whole or in part, the Plan Administrator shall notify the
          claimant of such denial in writing and shall advise the claimant of
          his right to a review thereof. Such written notice shall set forth, in
          a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, the specific
          reason or reasons for the denial, specific reference to the pertinent
          Plan provisions upon which the denial is based, a description of any
          additional information or material that is necessary for the claimant
          to perfect his claim for benefits, an explanation of why such
          information or material is necessary and an explanation of the Plan's
          review procedure. Such written notice shall be furnished to the
          claimant within 90 days after the Plan Administrator receives the
          claim, unless special circumstances require an extension of time for
          processing the claim. In no event shall such an extension exceed a
          period of 90 days from the end of the initial 90-day period; if such
          an extension is required, written notice thereof shall be furnished to
          the claimant before the end of the initial 90-day period. Such notice
          shall indicate the special circumstances requiring an extension of
          time and the date by which the Plan Administrator expects to render a
          decision. If written notice of the denial of the claim for benefits is
          not furnished within the time specified in this Section, the claim
          shall be deemed denied and the claimant shall be permitted to appeal
          such denial in accordance with the review procedure described in
          paragraph 17(b) below.

          "SECTION 17  Hearing Panel.
           -------------------------

                (a)  Establishment of Hearing Panel.  The Board of Directors
                     ------------------------------
          shall appoint a "Hearing Panel," which shall consist of three or more
          individuals who may (but need not) be employees of the Company.  The
          Hearing Panel shall be the named fiduciary that shall have the
          authority to act with respect to any appeal from the denial of a claim
          for benefits under the Plan.  The Hearing Panel may adopt such rules
          and procedures, consistent with ERISA and the Plan, as it deems
          necessary or appropriate in carrying out its responsibilities under
          Section 16 and this Section.  The Hearing Panel may delegate some or
          all of its rights, privileges and duties to such person(s) as it may
          choose; to the extent of such a delegation all

                                       13
<PAGE>

          references in this Section to the Hearing Panel shall be deemed to be
          references to such person(s).

                "(b)  Appeals from Claim Denials.  Any person whose claim for
                      --------------------------
          benefits is denied, in whole or in part, or such person's duly
          authorized representative, may appeal from such denial by submitting a
          request for review of the claim to the Hearing Panel within six months
          after receiving the written notice of denial from the Plan
          Administrator (or, in the case of a deemed denial, within six months
          after the claim is deemed denied). The Plan Administrator shall give
          the claimant (or his representative) an opportunity to review
          pertinent documents (except legally privileged materials) and to
          submit issues and comments in writing. A request for review shall be
          in writing and shall be submitted to the Hearing Panel at such address
          as the Plan Administrator shall designate from time to time. The
          request for review shall set forth all of the grounds on which it is
          based, all facts in support thereof and any other matters that the
          claimant deems pertinent. The Hearing Panel may require the claimant
          (or his representative) to submit such additional facts, documents or
          other material as it deems necessary or appropriate in making its
          review.

                "(c)  Decision on Review.  The Hearing Panel shall act upon a
                      ------------------
          request for review within 60 days after receipt thereof, unless
          special circumstances require an extension of time for processing, in
          which event a decision shall be rendered not more than 120 days after
          the receipt of the request for review. If such an extension is
          required, written notice thereof shall be furnished to the claimant
          (or his representative) before the end of the initial 60-day period.
          The Hearing Panel shall give written notice of its decision to the
          claimant (or his representative) and to the Plan Administrator. In the
          event that the Hearing Panel confirms the denial of the claim for
          benefits in whole or in part, such notice shall set forth, in a manner
          calculated to be understood by the claimant, the specific reason or
          reasons for the denial and specific reference to the pertinent Plan
          provisions upon which such denial is based. If written notice of the
          Hearing Panel's decision is not given to the claimant (or his
          representative) within the time prescribed in this Section 17(c), the
          claim shall be deemed denied on review.


                "(d)  Exhaustion of Administrative Remedies.  No legal or
                      -------------------------------------
          equitable action for benefits under the Plan shall be brought unless
          and until the claimant (i) has submitted a written claim for benefits
          in accordance with paragraph (a) of Section 16, (ii) has been notified
          that the claim has been denied (or the claim is deemed denied as
          provided in Section 16(b) above), (iii) has filed a written request
          for a review of the claim in accordance with paragraph (b) of this
          Section 17 and (iv) has been notified in writing that the Hearing
          Panel has affirmed the denial of the claim (or the claim is deemed
          denied on review as provided in

                                       14
<PAGE>

          Section 17(c) above). In addition, no legal or equitable action for
          benefits under the Plan may be brought after the earliest of (i) 120
          days after the Hearing Panel has affirmed the denial of the claim (or
          the claim is deemed denied on review as provided in Section 17(c)
          above), (ii) three years after the date the claimant's benefits under
          the Plan commenced, or (iii) the end of the otherwise applicable
          statute of limitations period.

                "(e)  Authority of Hearing Panel.  The Hearing Panel, in its
                      --------------------------
          capacity as "named fiduciary," as defined under section 402(a)(1) of
          ERISA, shall have the discretionary authority to interpret and
          construe the terms of the Plan and to determine eligibility for and
          entitlement to Plan benefits in accordance with the terms of the Plan.
          Any reasonable construction or interpretation of the Plan's terms or
          determination made by the Hearing Panel as to eligibility or
          entitlements, adopted in good faith, shall be final and binding upon
          the Company, all participating Employers, Employees, Participants,
          Spouses, Surviving Spouses, their affiliates and their heirs,
          successors and assigns."

43.   Effective August 5, 1997, the second sentence of Section 20(a) of the
START Plan shall be amended to read as follows:

          "Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following shall not constitute a
     violation of this Section 20(a):  (i) the creation, assignment or
     recognition of a right to all or any portion of a Participant's Plan
     Benefit made pursuant to a state domestic relations order, provided that
     such order is determined to be a "qualified domestic relations order" (as
     defined in Code section 414(p)) under written procedures adopted by the
     Plan Administrator or (ii) effective August 5, 1997, the required offset of
     a Participant's benefits pursuant to a judgment or settlement described in
     Code section 401(a)(13)(C)."

44.  Effective January 1, 2000, the definition of "Company Accounts" in Section
                                                   ----------------
21 of the START Plan is amended by adding the phrase "or Company Contribution
                                                         --------------------
Accounts" immediately following the term "Company Accounts".
- --------                                  ----------------


45.  Effective January 1, 2000, the definition of "Credit Services Employee" in
                                                   ------------------------
Section 21 of the START Plan shall be amended by replacing the name "Novus
Credit Services Inc." with the name "Novus Financial Corporation" and all
references in the START Plan to "NCSI" shall be changed to "NFC".

46.   Effective April 10, 1997, all references in the START Plan to the name
"Dean Witter Discover Stock Fund" shall be replaced with the name "Morgan
- --------------------------------
Stanley Dean Witter Stock Fund".

                                       15
<PAGE>

47.   Effective January 1, 2001, all references in the START Plan to the name
"Novus Financial Corporation" or "NFC" shall be replaced with the name "Morgan
Stanley Dean Witter Credit Corporation".

48.  Effective January 1, 1997, the last paragraph of the definition of
"Earnings" in Section 21 of the START Plan is amended to read as follows:
- ---------

          "For Plan Years beginning before January 1, 1997: (i) in determining
     the compensation of a Participant for purposes of this limitation, the
     rules of Code section 414(g)(6) shall apply, except that in applying such
     rules the term "family" shall include only the spouse of the Participant
     and the lineal descendants of the Participant who have not attained age 19
     before the close of the Plan Year and (ii) notwithstanding the foregoing,
     for purposes of determining whether an individual is a Highly Compensated
     Employee or a member of the Top Paid Group, Earnings shall be determined
     without regard to the limits imposed by Code section 401(a)(17)."

49.  Effective January 1, 1997, the definition of "Excess Aggregate
                                                   ----------------
Contributions" in Section 21 of the START Plan is amended to read as follows:
- -------------

          " `Excess Aggregate Contributions' means:
             -------------------------------

          (i)   with respect to Plan Years beginning before January 1, 1997, the
          amount by which Contributions made by or on behalf of Highly
          Compensated Employees exceed the limits described in Code section
          401(m)(2).  The amount of Excess Aggregate Contributions shall be
          determined by first reducing the Actual Contribution Ratio ("ACR"), as
          defined by Code section 401(m)(3) and regulations thereunder, of the
          Highly Compensated Employee with the highest ACR to the extent
          necessary to satisfy the ACP test described in Section 5(h) or to
          cause such ratio to equal the ACR of the Highly Compensated Employee
          with the next highest ACR and, second, repeating this process until
          the ACP test is satisfied.  The amount of Excess Aggregate
          Contributions for a Highly Compensated Employee is then equal to the
          total of the Highly Compensated Employee's contributions taken into
          account for purposes of the ACP test minus the product of the Highly
          Compensated Employee's reduced ACR as determined above and the Highly
          Compensated Employee's Earnings.  In the case of a Highly
          Compensated Employee whose ACR is determined under the family
          aggregation rules, the determination of the amount of Excess Aggregate
          Contributions shall be made by allocating the Excess Aggregate
          Contributions determined under the "leveling" method described herein
          among the Family members in proportion to the Contributions of each
          Family member taken into account for purposes of the ACP test."

                                       16
<PAGE>

          (ii)   with respect to Plan Years beginning on or after January 1,
          1997, the aggregate amount by which the amount of Contributions made
          by or on behalf of Highly Compensated Employees which are taken into
          account for purposes of the ACP test exceeds the maximum amount of
          such Contributions permitted in Section 5(h) and in Code section
          401(m)(2).  The maximum amount of such Contributions shall be
          determined by hypothetically reducing the Contributions made by or on
          behalf of Highly Compensated Employees in order of their Actual
          Contribution Ratios ("ACRs"), as defined by Code section 401(m)(3) and
          regulations thereunder, beginning with the highest of such ACRs.
          Excess Aggregate Contributions for a Plan Year shall be allocated to
          Highly Compensated Employees in accordance with Code section
          401(m)(6)(C), on the basis of the largest dollar amounts of such
          Contributions taken into account for purposes of the ACP test for the
          Plan Year, beginning with the highest such dollar amounts."

50.   Effective January 1, 1997, with respect to Plan Years beginning on or
after such date, the definition of "Excess Contributions" in Section 21 of the
                                    --------------------
START Plan shall be amended to read as follows:

       " `Excess Contributions' means:
          ---------------------

       (i) with respect to Plan Years beginning before January 1, 1997, the
       amount by which Contributions made by or on behalf of Highly Compensated
       Employees exceed the limits described in Code section 401(k)(3).  The
       amount of Excess Contributions shall be determined by first reducing the
       Actual Deferral Ratio ("ADR") as defined by Code section 401(k)(3)(B) and
       regulations thereunder of the Highly Compensated Employee with the
       highest ADR to the amount necessary to satisfy the ADP test described in
       Section 5(f) or cause such ratio to equal the ADR of the Highly
       Compensated Employee with the next highest ADR and, second, repeating
       this process until the ADP test is satisfied. The amount of Excess
       Contributions for a Highly Compensated Employee is then equal to the
       total of Elective Deferrals and other Contributions taken into account
       for the ADP test minus the product of the Highly Compensated Employee's
       reduced ADR as determined above and the Highly Compensated Employee's
       Earnings. In the case of a Highly Compensated Employee whose ADR is
       determined under the family aggregation rules, the determination of the
       amount of Excess Contributions shall be made by allocating the Excess
       Contributions determined under the "leveling" method described herein
       among the Family members in proportion to the Contributions of each
       Family member taken into account for purposes of the ADP test, and

       "(ii)   with respect to Plan Years beginning on or after January 1, 1997,
       the aggregate amount by which the amount of Contributions made by or on
       behalf of Highly
                                       17
<PAGE>

       Compensated Employees which are taken into account for purposes of the
       ADP test exceeds the maximum amount of such Contributions permitted in
       Section 5(f) and in Code section 401(k)(3). The maximum amount of such
       Contributions shall be determined by hypothetically reducing the
       Contributions made by or on behalf of Highly Compensated Employees in
       order of their Actual Deferral Ratios ("ADRs"), as defined by Code
       section 401(k)(3)(B) and regulations thereunder, beginning with the
       highest of such ADRs. Excess Contributions for a Plan Year shall be
       allocated to Highly Compensated Employees in accordance with Code section
       401(k)(8)(C), on the basis of the largest dollar amounts of such
       Contributions taken into account for purposes of the ADP test for the
       Plan Year, beginning with the highest such dollar amounts."

51.   Effective January 1, 1997, the definition of "Highly Compensated Active
                                                    -------------------------
Employee" in Section 21 of the START Plan is amended to read as follows:
- --------

          "`Highly Compensated Active Employee' means for Plan Years beginning
            ----------------------------------
       before December 31, 1996, a "Highly Compensated Active Employee" as
       defined under the Plan as in effect for such Plan Year. For Plan Years
       beginning after December 31, 1996 and on or prior to December 31, 1999,
       "Highly Compensated Active Employee" shall mean any Employee who (i) was
       a 5% owner (as defined in Code section 416(i)(1)) during the Plan Year or
       the preceding Plan Year or (ii) for the preceding Plan Year had
       compensation (within the meaning of Code section 414(q) as in effect for
       the Plan Year of determination) from the Company or an Affiliated Group
       member in excess of $80,000, as adjusted by the Secretary of the Treasury
       or a delegate thereof in accordance with Code section 414(q). For Plan
       Years beginning after December 31, 1999, a "Highly Compensated Active
       Employee" shall mean any Employee who (i) was a 5% owner (as defined in
       Code section 416(i)(1)) during the Plan Year or the preceding Plan Year
       or (ii) for the preceding Plan Year had compensation (within the meaning
       of Code section 414(q) as in effect for the Plan Year of determination)
       from the Employer or an Affiliated Group member in excess of $80,000, as
       adjusted by the Secretary of the Treasury or a delegate thereof in
       accordance with Code section 414(q), and was in the Top Paid Group of
       Employees for such preceding Plan Year. Notwithstanding anything
       contained herein to the contrary, solely for the purpose of determining
       the Employees who are Highly Compensated Active Employees for the 1997
       Plan Year, the definition of Highly Compensated Active Employee in effect
       for the 1997 Plan Year will be treated as having been in effect for the
       1996 Plan Year. For purposes of the definition of "Highly Compensated
       Active Employee," Employee shall not include a non-resident alien who
       receives no earned income from sources within the United States."


52.  Effective January 1, 1997, the definition of "Highly Compensated Former
                                                   -------------------------
Employee" in Section 21 of the START Plan shall be amended to read as follows:
- --------



                                       18
<PAGE>

             "`Highly Compensated Former Employee' means a former Employee who
               ----------------------------------
     was a Highly Compensated Active Employee at the time of his Severance Date
     or was a Highly Compensated Active Employee at any time after attaining age
     55.  For these purposes, the "Severance Date" means the date the Employee
     separates from service within the meaning of Code section 414(q)(6)(A).
     For Plan Years beginning prior to January 1, 1997, the definition of Highly
     Compensated Former Employee shall be determined under the terms of the Plan
     as in effect at the time of determination."

53.   Effective January 1, 2001, the definition of "Immediately Eligible
                                                    --------------------
Employee" shall be amended by adding the phrase "prior to March 1, 2001, and at
- --------
least 20 Hours of Service a week on or after March 1, 2001" immediately
following the phrase "at least 30 Hours of Service a week" in the first sentence
thereof.

54.   Effective January 1, 1997, the first sentence in the definition of "Leased
                                                                          ------
Employee" in Section 21 of the START Plan shall be amended to read as follows:
- --------

             " `Leased Employee' means, for Plan Years beginning before January
                ---------------
     1, 1997, a Leased Employee as defined under the Plan as in effect for such
     Plan Year, and for Plan Years beginning on or after January 1, 1997, any
     person (other than an employee of the recipient) who pursuant to an
     agreement between the recipient and any other person has performed services
     for the recipient (or for the recipient and related persons determined in
     accordance with Code section 414(n)(6)) on a substantially full time basis
     for a period of at least one year, and whose services are performed under
     the primary direction and control of the recipient within the meaning of
     Code section 414(n)(2)(C)."

55.   Effective January 1, 1997, the definition of "Top Paid Group" in Section
                                                    --------------
21 of the START Plan shall be amended by adding the phrase "for Plan Years
beginning prior to January 1, 1997," immediately prior to the phrase "the top
twenty percent of employees who performed services for the Affiliated Group" and
by adding the following paragraph to the end thereof to read as follows:

             "For Plan Years beginning on or after January 1, 1997, the
     "Top Paid Group" means those Employees who are included in the group
     --------------
     consisting of the top 20% of the employees of the Company and its
     Affiliated Group members when ranked on the basis of compensation paid
     during the Plan Year, as determined in accordance with Code section
     414(q)(3). For these purposes, (i) employees of an Affiliated Group member
     shall include employees of any entity that would be taken into account
     pursuant to Code section 414(q)(7); and (ii) the number of employees in the
     Top Paid Group of Employees shall be determined by excluding a person who
     has not completed at least six months of service, normally works less than
     17 1/2 hours each week, normally works less than six months during a Plan
     Year, has not attained age 21, is a non-resident alien and receives

                                       19
<PAGE>
     no earned income from sources within the United States, or, except to the
     extent required to be included by Code section 414(q), who is included in a
     unit of employees covered by a collective bargaining agreement."

56.   Effective January 1, 2001, the definition of "Participating Company" in
                                                    ---------------------
Section 21 of the START Plan shall be amended by adding the following sentence
to the end thereof:

"A list of Participating Companies, and the respective dates of their
     participation in the START Plan, is attached hereto as Appendix A."

57.   Effective January 1, 1997, Section 21 of the START Plan is amended by
adding the definition of "Pre-Tax Contributions" as follows:
                          ---------------------

          " `Pre-Tax Contributions' means Basic Pre-Tax Contributions and
             ---------------------
     Supplemental Pre-Tax Contributions."

58.   Effective March 1, 2001, the definition of "Valuation Date" in Section 21
                                                  --------------
of the START Plan shall be amended to read as follows:

          " `Valuation Date' means (i) before March 1, 2001, the last day of any
             --------------
     Quarter on which the New York Stock Exchange was open and Stock was traded
     and such other dates as the Plan Administrator shall determine, and (ii) on
     and after March 1, 2001, each day on which the New York Stock Exchange is
     open and such other dates as the Plan Administrator shall determine."

59.  Effective January 1, 2001, the START Plan shall be amended by adding a new
Appendix A to read as follows:

                                  "APPENDIX A
                            "PARTICIPATING COMPANIES
                            ------------------------

       "Participating Companies
        -----------------------

       "Dean Witter Futures and Currency Management ("FCM") Inc.

       "Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Advisors Inc., fka Dean Witter Intercapital
        Inc.

       "Dean Witter Realty Inc.

       "Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.

       "Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Bank, fka Mountainwest Financial Corp.

       "Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Distributors Inc., fka Dean Witter
       Distributors Inc.

                                       20
<PAGE>

       "Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Services Company Inc., fka Dean Witter
       Services Co. Inc.

       "Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Trust FSB, fka Dean Witter Trust FSB

       "Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Commercial Financial Services, Inc.,
       effective January 1, 2001

       "Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Online Inc., effective May 1, 2000 through
       October 31, 2000

       "Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Credit Corporation, fka Novus Financial
       Corporation, effective January 1, 2000 through December 31, 2000

       "Discover Financial Services, Inc., fka Novus Services, Inc.
       "Discover Bank, fka Greenwood Trust Company
       "Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Bank, formerly Mountain West Financial
       Corporation

       "Novus Credit Services Inc.'

60.   Effective January 1, 2000, Section 1(5) of Supplement C of the START Plan
shall be amended by adding the following sentence to the end thereof:

          "This Section 1(5) shall apply only for limitation years beginning
     before January 1, 2000."

61.   Effective January 1, 1998, Section 3(b) of Supplement C of the START Plan
shall be amended by adding the following phrase at the end of the sentence:

     "plus, for Plan Years beginning after December 31, 1997, any elective
        deferrals or contributions made with respect to a Participant as
        described in Code section 415(c)(3)(D)".

62.   Effective January 1, 1998, Section 3(d) of Supplement C of the START Plan
shall be amended by modifying the third-to-the-last sentence thereof to read as
follows:

          `Annual Compensation' means Compensation as defined in Code section
     415(c)(3), including, for Plan Years beginning before January 1, 1998,
     amounts contributed by the Company or a Participating Company pursuant to a
     salary reduction

                                       21
<PAGE>

     agreement which are excludable from the Employee's gross income under Code
     sections 125, 402(a)(8), 402(h) or 403(b).

63.   Effective January 1, 2001, Supplement D of the START Plan shall be
restated in its entirety as set forth on "Restated Supplement D" attached hereto
as Exhibit A.

64.   Effective January 1, 2001, the START Plan shall be amended by adding a new
Supplement F to the end thereof to read as follows:


                   "SUPPLEMENT F:  RULES RELATING TO CERTAIN
                              GROUPS OF EMPLOYEES

       "MSDW Online:  With respect to employees of MSDW Online and its
     subsidiaries (collectively, "MSDW Online"), the following rules shall
     apply:  As of May 1, 2000, employees of MSDW Online who otherwise meet the
     eligibility rules of the Plan (taking into account the provisions of this
     Supplement F), shall be Employees, Eligible Employees or Immediately
     Eligible Employees, as the case may be, under the terms of this Plan, and
     MSDW Online (including each of its subsidiaries) shall be a Participating
     Company in the Plan.  Effective May 1, 2000, in the case of an employee who
     was an employee of MSDW Online prior to such date, Years of Service for
     periods prior to May 1, 2000, shall be determined by applying the rules of
     Section 3 to that period of employment.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
     Employees who were participants in the Discover Brokerage Direct 401(k)
     Profit Sharing Plan (the "MSDW Online Plan") as of April 30, 2000 will
     automatically become Participants in the Plan on May 1, 2000, and shall be
     subject to the following transition rules:  such Employees' deferral
     elections under the MSDW Online Plan on April 30, 2000, shall be given
     effect under the Plan on and after May 1, 2000, subject to the provisions
     of Section 5(c) of the Plan;  the vested portion of each such Employee's
     Matching Contribution Account shall be determined solely in accordance with
     the otherwise applicable provisions of the Plan, taking into account his or
     her service rendered to MSDW Online prior to May 1, 2000 to the extent
     provided above;  for purposes of determining the amount of Matching
     Contributions and forfeitures, if any, to be allocated to such Employees
     for the Plan Year ending December 31, 2000, such Employee's elective
     deferrals to the MSDW Online Plan during the period beginning January 1,
     2000 and ending December 31, 2000 (in addition to deferrals under the START
     Plan during such period), shall be taken into account as Basic and
     Supplemental Pre-Tax Contributions, subject to the limitations set forth in
     the Plan.

       "In addition, for purposes of determining the amount of Matching
     Contributions and forfeitures, if any, to be allocated for Plan Years
     ending on or after December 31, 2000, with respect to Participants who are
     employees of MSDW Online, MSDW Online shall be considered a member of the
     "Securities" Business Segment.

                                       22
<PAGE>

       "Effective as of the end of February 28, 2001, contingent on the receipt
     of a favorable determination from the Internal Revenue Service, the MSDW
     Online Plan shall be merged with and into the Plan.  Prior to such merger
     on February 28, 2001, the contributions, benefits, and other rights of
     Participants who were participants in the MSDW Online Plan are determined
     under the terms of the MSDW Online Plan as in effect prior to its merger
     into the Plan. Any person who was covered under the MSDW Online Plan prior
     to its merger into the Plan and who was entitled to benefits under the
     provisions of such plans as in effect on February 28, 2001 shall continue
     to be entitled to the same amount of accrued benefits without change under
     this Plan; provided, however, that the forms of distribution (including for
     these purposes the time, manner and medium of distribution) available with
     respect to such accrued benefits shall be the forms of distribution
     available under the otherwise applicable provisions of the Plan plus such
     forms of distribution as may be required to be provided under Code section
     411(d)(6)."

     "MSDW Commercial Financial Services, Inc.: With respect to employees of
     MSDW Commercial Financial Services, Inc. ("CFS"), the following rules shall
     apply:  As of January 1, 2001, employees of CFS who otherwise meet the
     eligibility rules of the Plan (taking into account the provisions of this
     Supplement F), shall be Employees, Eligible Employees or Immediately
     Eligible Employees, as the case may be, under the terms of this Plan, and
     CFS shall be a Participating Company in the Plan.  Effective January 1,
     2001, in the case of an employee who was an employee of a member of the
     Affiliated Group prior to such date, Years of Service shall include, for
     vesting and eligibility purposes, service  performed for such member of the
     Affiliated Group, determined with respect to the rules for crediting
     service under this Plan.

       "In addition, for purposes of determining the amount of Matching
     Contributions and forfeitures, if any, to be allocated for Plan Years
     ending on or after December 31, 2001, with respect to Participants who are
     employees of CFS, CFS shall be considered a member of the "Securities"
     Business Segment."


                              *******************

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunder set his hand as of the
     1st day of January, 2001.

                                    DEAN WITTER REYNOLDS INC.

                                    By:   /s/ Michael T. Cunningham
                                          -------------------------

                                       23
<PAGE>

                                                                       Exhibit A
                             DEAN WITTER START PLAN
                             ----------------------

                   (Saving Today Affords Retirement Tomorrow)
                                  SUPPLEMENT D

                                  ------------
                      (Restated effective January 1, 2001)
                      -

                      PARTICIPANTS RESIDING IN PUERTO RICO
                      ------------------------------------

     1.  Establishment and Purpose. This Supplement D is established effective
         -------------------------
July 1, 1990  and amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2001 to
provide for the inclusion of Puerto Rico resident employees of Dean Witter
Reynolds, Inc. (in Puerto Rico) and of Dean Witter Puerto Rico, Inc. in the Plan
and to provide for compliance with the provisions of the Puerto Rico Code.  Such
employees will be subject to the provisions of the Plan to which this Supplement
D is attached, in addition to the provisions of this Supplement D.  Except as
otherwise provided herein, the terms of  Supplement D as in effect prior to
January 1, 2001 shall apply to determinations made prior to January 1, 2001.

     2.   New Definitions. For the purposes of this Supplement, certain terms
          ---------------
are defined and added to Section 21 of the Plan document to which this
Supplement is attached.  Except as provided in paragraph 3 of this Supplement D,
any other capitalized term has the meaning assigned to it in Section 21 of the
Plan document.

                                       24
<PAGE>

     "Puerto Rico Code" means the Puerto Rico Internal Revenue Code of 1994, as
      ----------------
amended from time to time.

     "Puerto Rico Eligible Employee" means any Eligible Employee who is a
      -----------------------------
resident of Puerto Rico.

     "Puerto Rico Highly Compensated Employee" means any Employee residing in
      ---------------------------------------
Puerto Rico who is "highly compensated" within the meaning of Section
1165(e)(3)(E)(iii) of the Puerto Rico Code.

     "Puerto Rico Participant" means an individual described in Section 2 of the
      -----------------------
Plan document and who is a resident of Puerto Rico.

     3.   Altered Definitions. For the purposes of this Supplement only, certain
          -------------------
definitions contained in Section 21 of the Plan document are altered as follows:

          (a)  "Earnings" for a Puerto Rico Participant means the sum of: (i)
                --------
total compensation paid to the Employee by any Participating Company which is
subject to tax under the Puerto Rico Code and excludes any such compensation
paid to the Employee for any period prior to the date he or she becomes a
Participant or for any period during which he or she is not an Eligible
Employee; plus (ii) any amounts contributed to the Plan by such Employee as
Basic Pre-Tax and Supplemental Pre-Tax Contributions.  Effective January l,
1994, the annual total compensation of a Participant that may be taken into
account under the Plan as Earnings for any Plan Year shall not exceed $150,000,
on such other amounts required under Code Section 401(a)(17) as adjusted by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue for increases in the cost-of-

                                       25
<PAGE>

living in accordance with Code Section 401(a)(17). For Plan Years beginning
before January 1, 1997, in determining the compensation of a Participant for
purposes of this limitation the rules of Section 414(q)(6) of the Code shall
apply, except that in applying such rules the term "family" shall include only
the spouse of the Participant and the lineal descendants of the Participant who
have not attained age 19 before the close of the Plan Year.

          (b)  "Elective Deferrals" means elective deferrals within the meaning
                ------------------
of Section 402(g)(3) of the Code and Article 1165-8(g)(2) of the Regulation
issued under Section 1165(e) of the Puerto Rico Code.

          (c)  "Employee" means any individual employed by any member of the
                --------
Affiliated Group or any other employer required to be aggregated with any member
of the Affiliated Group under Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code.  The
term "Employee" shall also include any Leased Employee deemed to be an employee
of such employer as provided in Section 414(n) or (o) of the Code.  The term
"Employee" shall also include any employee of Dean Witter Reynolds, Inc.
resident in Puerto Rico or any employee of Dean Witter Puerto Rico, Inc.

          (d)  "Excess Contributions" for a Puerto Rico Participant shall be
                --------------------
determined by substituting the phrase "Puerto Rico Highly Compensated Employee"
for the phrase "Highly Compensated Employee"; by substituting the corresponding
Section of the Puerto Rico Code for each Section of the Code and without regard
to the family aggregation rule included in the last sentence of the definition
of "Excess Contributions" in Section 21 of the Plan document.

                                       26
<PAGE>

          (e) "Excess Elective Deferrals" means those Elective Deferrals that
               -------------------------
are includible in the Puerto Rico Participant's gross income under Section
402(g) of the Code or under Section 1165(e)(7) of the Puerto Rico Code to the
extent that such Puerto Rico Participant's Elective Deferrals for a taxable year
exceed the dollar limitation under such respective section.

          (f) "Participant" means an individual so described in Section 2 of the
               -----------
Plan including any such individual who resides in Puerto Rico.

     4.   Revised Section 4(c) Payment of Company Contributions. For the
          -----------------------------------------------------
purposes of this Supplement only, Section 4(c) will read as follows:

          (c) Payment of Company Contributions. The portion of the Company
              --------------------------------
Contribution to be made by each Participating Company in Puerto Rico for each
Plan Year shall be determined by the Company and shall be paid to the Trustee at
such time or times as the Participating Company in Puerto Rico shall determine,
but in any event before the date for filing such Participating Company's Puerto
Rico income tax return for the Plan Year, including any extension of such date.

     5. Revised Section 5 Employee Contributions. For the purposes of this
        -----------------------------------------
Supplement only, Sections 5(a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (j), (k) and (l)
of the Plan document will read as follows and Sections 5(h) and (i) will not be
applicable (for purposes of compliance with the Puerto Rico Code):

     SECTION 5:  Employee Contributions.
                 ----------------------

                                       27
<PAGE>

          (a)  Basic Contributions and Supplemental Pre-Tax Contributions. Each
               ----------------------------------------------------------
Puerto Rico Participant who is an Eligible Employee may make Basic Contributions
to the Plan equal to 2%, 4% or 6% of Earnings for the Plan Year. Except to the
extent provided in Section 5(b) below, each Puerto Rico Participant's Basic
Contributions shall constitute Basic Pre-Tax Contributions. A Puerto Rico
Participant who is not a Puerto Rico Highly Compensated Employee and who is
making Basic Pre-Tax Contributions equal to 6% of Earnings may also elect to
make Supplemental Pre-Tax Contributions to the Plan equal to any whole
percentage, from 1% to 4% of Earnings.

          Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 5(a),
effective January 1, 2001: each Puerto Rico Participant who is an Eligible
Employee may make Basic Pre-Tax Contributions to the Plan for any year equal to
any whole percentage from 1% to 10% of the Puerto Rico Participant's Earnings
for such year and no additional Supplemental Pre-Tax Contributions shall be
permitted; a Puerto Rico Participant may make After-Tax Contributions equal to
any whole percentage from 1% - 10% of the Puerto Rico Participant's Earnings;
provided that a Puerto Rico Participant's combined Pre-Tax Contributions and
After-Tax Contributions do not exceed 17% of the Puerto Rico Participant's
Earnings; the Plan Administrator may at any time and from time to time limit the
amount of Basic Pre-Tax Contributions allowed to be made by some or all Eligible
Employees to ensure compliance with applicable nondiscrimination or other rules,
provided, however, that in no event shall any such limitation restrict employees
that are not Puerto Rico Highly Compensated Employees to any

                                       28
<PAGE>

greater extent than similarly situated individuals that are Puerto Rico Highly
Compensated Employees.
          (b)  Basic After-Tax Adjustment Contributions. In order that the Plan
               ----------------------------------------
may comply with the requirements of Sections 401(k) and 415 of the Code and the
regulations thereunder and with the requirements of Section 1165(e) of the
Puerto Rico Code and the regulations thereunder, at any time during the Plan
Year the Plan Administrator (at its sole discretion) may reduce the rate at
which any Puerto Rico Participant who is a Puerto Rico Highly Compensated
Employee may contribute Basic Pre-Tax Contributions, or discontinue all such
contributions, for the remainder of such Plan Year. Such a reduction or
discontinuance may be applied selectively to individual Puerto Rico Participants
who are Puerto Rico Highly Compensated Employees or to Particular classes of
Puerto Rico Participants who are Puerto Rico Highly Compensated Employees, as
the Plan Administrator may determine. Any Puerto Rico Participant whose Basic
Pre-Tax Contributions are reduced or discontinued under this Section 5(b) shall
make Basic After-Tax Adjustment Contributions to the Plan during the remainder
of the Plan Year equal to the Percentage of the Puerto Rico Participant's
Earnings that the Plan Administrator has determined cannot be made as Basic Pre-
Tax Contributions; provided, that in order that the Plan may comply with the
requirements of Section 401(m) of the Code and the regulations thereunder, at
any time during the Plan Year the Plan Administrator (at its sole discretion)
may reduce the rate at which a Puerto Rico Participant may contribute Basic
After-Tax Adjustment Contributions, or discontinue all such contributions, for
the remainder of such Plan Year. Any reduction or discontinuance of Basic Pre-
Tax or Basic After-Tax Adjustment

                                      29

<PAGE>

Contributions made pursuant to this Section 5(b) shall automatically cease to
apply upon the close of the Plan Year in which it is made, or on such earlier
date in such Plan Year as the Plan Administrator may determine.

          (c)  Changing the Rate and Suspension of Basic Contributions and/or
               --------------------------------------------------------------
Supplemental Pre-Tax Contributions. As of the beginning of any Quarter, a Puerto
- ----------------------------------
Rico Participant may elect to change the rate of Basic Pre-Tax Contributions
and/or any Supplemental Pre-Tax Contributions to any other rate that is within
the limitations described in Sections 5(a) and 5(b) provided, however, that the
Plan Administrator shall have the discretion to permit Puerto Rico Participant's
to make one or more additional elections, provided, further, that the right to
make such additional elections are made available to all Puerto Rico
Participants on a nondiscriminatory basis. If a Puerto Rico Participant elects
to reduce the rate of his or her Basic Pre-Tax Contributions to a rate that is
below 6%, any Supplemental Pre-Tax Contributions being made by the Puerto Rico
Participant shall automatically cease on the effective date of such election. If
a Puerto Rico Participant is making Basic After-Tax Adjustment Contributions,
and he or she elects to reduce the rate of his or her Basic Contributions, and
if, as a result of such election, the Plan Administrator determines that it is
no longer necessary for the Puerto Rico Participant to make some or all of such
Basic After-Tax Adjustment Contributions, the appropriate amount of the Puerto
Rico Participant's Basic After-Tax Adjustment Contributions shall automatically
cease, effective as of the effective date of his or her election to change the
rate of his or her Basic Contributions. As of any pay period, the Puerto Rico
Participant may elect to discontinue all Supplemental Pre-Tax Contributions
and/or Basic Pre-Tax Contributions,

                                       30
<PAGE>

provided however, that an election to discontinue Basic Pre-Tax Contributions
shall automatically discontinue any Supplemental Pre-Tax Contributions.

          (d)  Maximum Amount of Elective Deferrals. Notwithstanding anything to
               ------------------------------------
the contrary herein, the amount of Elective Deferrals made with respect to any
individual during a calendar year under the Plan and all other plans, contracts
or arrangements of any member of the Affiliated Group may not exceed the amount
of the limitation in effect under Section 402(g)(1) of the Code and Section
1165(e) (7) of the Puerto Rico Code for taxable years beginning in such calendar
year.

          (e)  Distribution of Excess Elective Deferrals. A Puerto Rico
               -----------------------------------------
Participant may assign to the Plan any Excess Elective Deferrals made during a
taxable year of the Puerto Rico Participant by notifying the Plan Administrator
on or before March 1 following the close of such taxable year of the amount of
the Excess Elective Deferrals to be assigned to the Plan. Notwithstanding any
other provision of the Plan, Excess Elective Deferrals, plus any income and
minus any loss allocable thereto, shall be distributed no later than April 15
following such taxable year to any Puerto Rico Participant to whose account
Excess Elective Deferrals were assigned for the preceding year and who claims
Excess Elective Deferrals for such taxable year.

          (f)  Actual Deferral Percentage Test.
               -------------------------------

               (1) Elective Deferrals for Puerto Rico Participants shall not
exceed the limits set forth in Section 1165(e)(3) of the Puerto Rico Code. For
purposes of applying such limits, Section 1165(e)(3) of the PR Code and the
regulations thereunder are incorporated by reference and are hereinafter
referred to as the "PR ADP Test".

                                       31
<PAGE>

               (2) All or part of the Qualified Matching Contributions and
Qualified Non-Elective Contributions made with respect to any or all Puerto Rico
Eligible Employees may be treated as Elective Deferrals for purposes of the PR
ADP Test provided that each of the following requirements is met:

                   (i) the nonelective contributions, including Qualified Non-
Elective Contributions treated as Elective Deferrals for purposes of the PR ADP
Test, satisfy the requirements of PR Code section 1165(a)(4);

                   (ii)   the nonelective contributions, excluding Qualified
Non-Elective Contributions treated as Elective Deferrals for purposes of the PR
ADP Test, satisfy the requirements of PR Code section 1165(a)(4);

                   (iii)  the matching contributions, including Qualified
Matching Contributions treated as Elective Deferrals for purposes of the PR ADP
Test, satisfy the requirements of PR Code section 1165(a)(4);

                   (iv)   the matching contributions, excluding Qualified
Matching Contributions treated as Elective Deferrals for purposes of the PR ADP
Test, satisfy the requirements of PR Code section 1165(a)(4) ;


                   (v)    all such Qualified Non-Elective Contributions and
Qualified Matching Contributions are nonforfeitable when made and subject to the
same distribution restrictions that apply to Elective Deferrals, without regard
to whether such Qualified

                                       32
<PAGE>

Non-Elective Contributions and Qualified Matching Contributions are actually
taken into account as Elective Deferrals;

                   (vi)   all such Qualified Non-Elective Contributions and
Qualified Matching Contributions are allocated to the accounts of Puerto Rico
Eligible Employees as of a date within the Plan Year (pursuant to Regulations
section 1.401(k)-1(B)(4)(i)(A)) as if such contributions were Elective
Deferrals; and

                   (vii)  for Plan Years beginning after December 31, 1988, if
the Plan uses the provisions of subsection 5(f)(2) of this Supplement D for
purposes of the PR ADP Test, then, for purposes of PR Code section 1165(a)(3)
(other than the average benefit percentage test), the Plan may be aggregated
with other plans of the Affiliated Group (determined with reference to PR Code
section 1028) to which the qualified nonelective contributions and qualified
matching contributions are made.

          (g)  Distribution of Excess Contributions.
               ------------------------------------

               (1)  Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, Excess
Contributions, plus any income and minus any loss allocable thereto, shall be
distributed no later than the last day of any Plan Year beginning after December
31, 1987 to Puerto Rico Participants to whose accounts Basic Pre-Tax, Qualified
Matching and Qualified Non-Elective Contributions were allocated for the
preceding Plan Year. The Excess Contributions shall be adjusted for income or
loss up to the date of distribution. The income or loss allocable to Excess
Contributions shall be determined by multiplying the income or loss allocable to
the Puerto Rico Participant's Basic Pre-Tax, Supplemental Pre-Tax, Qualified
Matching and Qualified Non-

                                       33
<PAGE>

Elective Contributions for the Plan Year allocated to the Puerto Rico
Participant by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Excess Contribution for
the Preceding Plan Year and the denominator of which is the sum of the Puerto
Rico Participant's account balances attributable to Basic Pre-Tax, Supplemental
Pre-Tax, Qualified Matching and Qualified Non-Elective Contributions on the last
day of the preceding Plan Year. Amounts distributed under this Section 5(g)
shall be made from the Puerto Rico Participant's Basic Pre-Tax, Qualified-
Matching and Qualified Non-Elective Contribution Accounts in proportion to the
Participant's Basic Pre-Tax, Qualified Matching and Qualified Non-Elective
Contributions for the Plan Year.

               (2)  A Puerto Rico Participant may treat Excess Contributions as
an amount distributed to the Puerto Rico Participant and then contributed by the
Puerto Rico Participant to the Plan as Basic After-Tax Adjustment Contributions.
Such re-characterized
amounts will remain nonforfeitable and subject to the same distribution
requirements as Supplemental Pre-Tax Contributions. Amounts may not be re-
characterized by a Puerto Rico Highly Compensated Employee to the extent that
such amount in combination with other Basic After-Tax Adjustment would exceed
10% of the Puerto Rico Highly Compensated Employee's Earnings for the Plan Year.
Re-characterization must occur no later than two and one-half months after the
last day of the Plan Year in which the Excess Contributions arose and is deemed
to occur no earlier than the date the last Puerto Rico Highly Compensated
Employee is informed in writing of the amount which may be recharacterized and
the consequences thereof.

               (3) The amount of Excess Contributions to be distributed under
Subsection 5(g)(1) or recharacterized under Subsection 5(g)(2) shall be reduced
by Excess
                                       34
<PAGE>

Elective Deferrals previously distributed under Section 5(e) for the
Puerto Rico Participant's taxable year ending with or within the Plan Year for
which such Excess Contributions were made.

          (j) Payroll Deductions. All Basic Contributions and Supplemental Pre-
              ------------------
Tax Contributions shall be made solely through periodic payroll deductions,
unless the Plan Administrator consents to another method of payment. All Basic
Contributions and Supplemental Pre-Tax Contributions withheld during any
calendar month shall be paid to the Trustee not later than the last day of the
next following month and shall be credited to the appropriate Employee Accounts
as soon as practicable thereafter.

          (k)  Salary Reduction and Tax Status of Pre-Tax Contributions. For
               --------------------------------------------------------
Federal and Puerto Rico tax purposes, Basic Pre-Tax Contributions and
Supplemental Pre-Tax Contributions shall be deemed to be Company Contributions
to the Plan, and a Puerto Rico Participant's election to make such contributions
shall constitute an election to have the amount of his or her compensation that
otherwise would have been reported as taxable compensation on Form W-2/PR
reduced by the amount of such contributions.

          (l)  Administrative Procedures. The Plan Administrator may require
               -------------------------
Puerto Rico Participants to complete and file such forms, within such time
periods as it shall determine, before any election under this Section 5 may take
effect.

     6. Revised Section 6 Amendment and Termination of This Supplement. For the
        ---------------------------------------------------------------
purposes of this Supplement only, Section 6 of the Plan document will read as
follows:


                                       35
<PAGE>

     SECTION 6.   Amendment and Termination of This Supplement.
                  --------------------------------------------

          (a)  Amendment Required for Qualification. All provisions of this
               ------------------------------------
Supplement, and all benefits and rights granted hereunder, are subject to any
amendments, modifications or alterations which are necessary from time to time
to qualify the Plan and Supplement under Section 401(a) or 501(a) of the Code or
under Section 1165(a) of the Puerto Rico Code, to continue the Plan as so
qualified, or to comply with any other provision of law. Accordingly,
notwithstanding Section 19(a) of the Plan or any other provision of this Plan,
the Company may amend, modify or alter the Plan, with or without retroactive
effect, in any respect or manner necessary to qualify the Plan and Supplement
under Section 401(a) of the Code or under Section 1165(a) of the Puerto Rico
Code.

          (b)   Reversion of Funds.
                ------------------

                (i)  All employer contributions are expressly conditioned on
their deductibility under Section 404 of the Code and Section 1023(n) of the
Puerto Rico Code. To the extent permissible under ERISA, any employer
contribution shall be returned to the appropriate Participating Company, upon
its written request, to the extent that the contribution is disallowed as a
deduction, within one year after such disallowance;

          (ii)  In the event that, due solely to the inclusion of this
Supplement D, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue determines that the Plan
would cease to be qualified under the Code or the Secretary of the Puerto Rico
Treasury determines that the Plan is not initially qualified under the Puerto
Rico Code, to the extent permissible under ERISA, any contributions made by or
on behalf of a Puerto Rico Participant must be returned to the

                                       36
<PAGE>

appropriate Puerto Rico Participant and to the appropriate Participating Company
within one year after the date of such determination. The return of
contributions to a Participating Company is further conditioned upon the
Company's having made the application for the qualification by the time
Prescribed by law for filing the Company's return for the taxable year in which
Supplement D is adopted, or such later dates as the Secretary of the Treasury or
the Secretary of the Puerto Rico Treasury may prescribe.

                                 *******************

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunder set his hand as of
this 1st day of January, 2001.

                              DEAN WITTER REYNOLDS INC.

                              By: /s/ Michael T. Cunningham
                                  -------------------------
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dex1032.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO EXCESS BENEFIT PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                  EXHIBIT  10.32

                        AMENDMENT TO EXCESS BENEFIT PLAN

     Morgan Stanley & Co. Inc. (the "Company") hereby amends the Morgan Stanley
& Co. Incorporated Excess Benefit Plan, as amended (the "Excess Benefit Plan"),
as follows:


     1.   Effective November 1, 2000, Section V of the Excess Benefit Plan shall
     be amended by adding to the end thereof the following:

          "Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective November 1, 2000, the
          provisions of Section 11.8 of the Pension Plan shall be incorporated
          herein by this reference, shall apply to the claims made with respect
          to benefits under this Plan in the same manner and to the same extent
          as they apply to claims with respect to benefits under the Pension
          Plan, and shall provide the exclusive rules relating to claims for
          benefits under the Plan.  The authority of the Hearing Panel (or its
          delegate) under the Plan shall be consistent with the authority of the
          Hearing Panel under the Pension Plan and any decision made hereunder
          by the Hearing Panel (or its delegate) shall be conclusive and binding
          on all persons to the same extent as decisions of the Hearing Panel
          under the Pension Plan."

     2.   Effective January 1, 2000, Section IV of the Excess Benefits Plan
     shall be amended by adding to the end thereof the following new paragraph:

"For purposes of determining benefits payable under this Plan, any limitation on
     compensation (or any similar term) for any group of Employees now or
     hereinafter set forth in the Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co. Supplemental
     Executive Retirement Plan shall apply to such group under this Plan as if
     set forth fully herein."

                             **********************

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment to be executed on
its behalf as of this 1st day of  November, 2000.

                                MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INC.


                                By:  /s/ Michael T. Cunningham
                                     -------------------------
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>dex1035.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO SUPP EXEC RETIREMENT PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.35

              AMENDMENT TO SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN

     Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated. (the "Corporation"), acting pursuant to
the authority delegated to it by Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co., hereby amends
the Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as
amended (the "SERP"), as follows:

     1.   Effective as the dates specified herein, Appendix C of the SERP is
     amended, by adding the following paragraphs to the end thereof:

"Graystone Partners.  Effective November 1, 1999, with respect to Louise Wasso
 ------------------
     Jonikas and David B. Horn, the term Credited Service shall include such
     individual's service with Graystone Partners L.P. ("Graystone") for
     purposes of determining such individual's eligibility to participate in the
     Plan pursuant to Paragraph III, but not for purposes of determining
     benefits pursuant to Paragraph IV of the Plan and shall include such
     individual's service with the Corporation prior to her or his service with
     Graystone for purposes of determining her or his eligibility to participate
     in the Plan pursuant to Paragraph III and for purposes of determining
     benefits pursuant to Paragraph IV of the Plan.

"Weyerhaeuser Corporation.  Effective April 13, 2000, with respect to each
 ------------------------
     former employee of the Weyerhaeuser Corporation ("Weyerhaeuser") who is
     hired by a Employer as of April 14, 2000 to work in the business of Morgan
     Stanley Dean Witter Alternative Investment Partners, the term Credited
     Service shall include such individual's service with Weyerhaeuser for
     purposes of determining such individual's eligibility to participate in the
     Plan pursuant to Paragraph III, but not for purposes of determining
     benefits pursuant to Paragraph IV of the Plan .

          "Dean Witter Financial Advisors.  Notwithstanding any provision of the
           ------------------------------
          ESOP to the contrary, effective January 1, 2000, an Employee shall not
          include an employee of Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. who is a Financial
          Advisor licensed under state law as a Morgan Stanley & Co.
          Incorporated employee in order to provide commercial brokerage
          mortgage services, regardless of such employee's classification for
          other purposes of the Corporation."

2.     Effective January 1, 2000, Paragraph IV B. of the SERP is amended by
     adding the following sentence to the end of the first paragraph thereof:

"In addition to any reduction pursuant to the preceding sentence, effective
     January 1, 2000, the payments to which a Participant is entitled under
     Paragraph IV A shall also be reduced by the benefits which the Participant
     is entitled to receive under the terms of any other pension or retirement
     plan that replaces a defined benefit or

                                       1
<PAGE>

     money purchase plan described in the preceding sentence or that acts as the
     primary retirement plan of an employer (including a division of an
     employer)."

     3.   Effective November 1, 2000, the first paragraph of Paragraph V of
     the SERP shall be redesignated as subparagraph A. of Paragraph V and new
     subparagraphs B. and C. shall be added following such first paragraph to
     read as follows:

          "B.  Hearing Panel.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective November
               -------------
          1, 2000, the following provisions of this Paragraph V B. shall provide
          the exclusive rules relating to claims for benefits under the Plan.

                "(i)  Claims and Inquiries. All claims for benefits and all
                      --------------------
          inquiries concerning the Plan shall be submitted to the Plan
          Administrator at such address as the Plan Administrator shall
          designate from time to time.  Claims for benefits must be in writing
          on the form prescribed by the Plan Administrator and must be signed by
          the person or persons indicated on such form.  For purposes of this
          Paragraph V B., the term "Plan Administrator" shall mean the Committee
          (or any delegate of such Committee) appointed under the Morgan Stanley
          & Co. Incorporated Pension Plan or any successor to such plan.

                "(ii)  Denial of Claims.  In the event any claim for benefits is
                       ----------------
          denied, in whole or in part, the Plan Administrator shall notify the
          claimant of such denial in writing and shall advise the claimant of
          his right to a review thereof.  Such written notice shall set forth,
          in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, the specific
          reason or reasons for the denial, specific reference to the pertinent
          Plan provisions upon which the denial is based, a description of any
          additional information or material that is necessary for the claimant
          to perfect his claim for benefits, an explanation of why such
          information or material is necessary and an explanation of the Plan's
          review procedure.  Such written notice shall be furnished to the
          claimant within 90 days after the Plan Administrator receives the
          claim, unless special circumstances require an extension of time for
          processing the claim.  In no event shall such an extension exceed a
          period of 90 days from the end of the initial 90-day period; if such
          an extension is required, written notice thereof shall be furnished to
          the claimant before the end of the initial 90-day period.  Such notice
          shall indicate the special circumstances requiring an extension of
          time and the date by which the Plan Administrator expects to render a
          decision.  If written notice of the denial of the claim for benefits
          is not furnished within the time specified in this Section, the claim
          shall be deemed denied and the claimant shall be permitted to appeal
          such denial in accordance with the review procedure described in
          subparagraph (iv) below.

                                       2
<PAGE>

                "(iii)  The Hearing Panel.  The Board of Directors shall
                        -----------------
          appoint a "Hearing Panel," which shall consist of three or more
          individuals who may (but need not) be employees of the Corporation.
          The Hearing Panel shall be the named fiduciary that shall have the
          authority to act with respect to any appeal from the denial of a claim
          for benefits under the Plan. The Hearing Panel may adopt such rules
          and procedures, consistent with ERISA and the Plan, as it deems
          necessary or appropriate in carrying out its responsibilities under
          this Section. The Hearing Panel may delegate some or all of its
          rights, privileges and duties to such person(s) as it may choose; to
          the extent of such a delegation all references in this Section to the
          Hearing Panel shall be deemed to be references to such person(s).

                "(iv)  Appeals from Claim Denials.  Any person whose claim for
                       --------------------------
          benefits is denied, in whole or in part, or such person's duly
          authorized representative, may appeal from such denial by submitting a
          request for review of the claim to the Hearing Panel within six months
          after receiving the written notice of denial from the Plan
          Administrator (or, in the case of a deemed denial, within six months
          after the claim is deemed denied).  The Plan Administrator shall give
          the claimant (or his representative) an opportunity to review
          pertinent documents (except legally privileged materials) and to
          submit issues and comments in writing.  A request for review shall be
          in writing and shall be submitted to the Hearing Panel at such address
          as the Plan Administrator shall designate from time to time.  The
          request for review shall set forth all of the grounds on which it is
          based, all facts in support thereof and any other matters that the
          claimant deems pertinent.  The Hearing Panel may require the claimant
          (or his representative) to submit such additional facts, documents or
          other material as it deems necessary or appropriate in making its
          review.

                "(v)  Decision on Review.  The Hearing Panel shall act upon a
                      ------------------
          request for review within 60 days after receipt thereof, unless
          special circumstances require an extension of time for processing, in
          which event a decision shall be rendered not more than 120 days after
          the receipt of the request for review. If such an extension is
          required, written notice thereof shall be furnished to the claimant
          (or his representative) before the end of the initial 60-day period.
          The Hearing Panel shall give written notice of its decision to the
          claimant (or his representative) and to the Plan Administrator. In the
          event that the Hearing Panel confirms the denial of the claim for
          benefits in whole or in part, such notice shall set forth, in a manner
          calculated to be understood by the claimant, the specific reason or
          reasons for the denial and specific reference to the pertinent Plan
          provisions upon which such denial is based. If written notice of the
          Hearing Panel's decision is not given to the claimant (or his
          representative) within the time prescribed in this subparagraph (v),
          the claim shall be deemed denied on review.

                                       3
<PAGE>

                "(vi)  Exhaustion of Administrative Remedies.  No legal or
                       -------------------------------------
          equitable action for benefits under the Plan shall be brought unless
          and until the claimant (I) has submitted a written claim for benefits
          in accordance with paragraph (i) of this Paragraph V B., (II) has been
          notified that the claim has been denied (or the claim is deemed denied
          as provided in subparagraph (ii) above), (III) has filed a written
          request for a review of the claim in accordance with subparagraph (iv)
          of this Paragraph V B. and (IV) has been notified in writing that the
          Hearing Panel has affirmed the denial of the claim (or the claim is
          deemed denied on review as provided in subparagraph (v) above). In
          addition, no legal or equitable action for benefits under the Plan may
          be brought after the earliest of (I) six months after the Hearing
          Panel has affirmed the denial of the claim (or the claim is deemed
          denied on review as provided in subparagraph (v) above), (II) three
          years after the date the claimant's benefits under the Plan commenced,
          or (III) the end of the otherwise applicable statute of limitations
          period.

                "(vii)  Authority of Hearing Panel.  The Hearing Panel shall
                        --------------------------
          have the discretionary authority to interpret and construe the terms
          of the Plan and to determine eligibility for and entitlement to Plan
          benefits in accordance with the terms of the Plan. Any reasonable
          construction or interpretation of the Plan's terms or determination
          made by the Hearing Panel as to eligibility or entitlements, adopted
          in good faith, shall be final and binding upon the Corporation, all
          participating employers, employees, participants, spouses, surviving
          spouses, their affiliates and their heirs, successors and assigns."

          "C.  Indemnification. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the
               ---------------
          Corporation will indemnify and save harmless each member of the
          Committee, each member of the Hearing Panel and each other person to
          whom fiduciary responsibilities are delegated under the terms of the
          Plan against any cost or expense (including attorneys' fees) or
          liability (including any sum paid in settlement of a claim with the
          approval of the Corporation) arising out of any act or omission to act
          as a member of the Committee or the Hearing Panel or as a delegate,
          except (i) in the case of willful misconduct or lack of good faith or
          (ii) with respect to any person who is not an employee, officer or
          director of the Corporation or an affiliate.  This Subparagraph C.
          shall not supersede any separate agreement or contract between the
          Corporation or an affiliate or the Plan and any person to whom
          fiduciary responsibilities are delegated."

     4.   Effective November 1, 2000, Paragraph V A. of the SERP, as amended
herein, is further amended by adding at the beginning of the second sentence
thereof the phrase, "Except as otherwise specified in subparagraph (vii) of
Paragraph V B.," and by adding

                                       4
<PAGE>

at the beginning of the third sentence thereof the phrase, "Subject to
subparagraph (vii) of Paragraph V B.,"

                              *******************

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment to be executed on
its behalf as of the 1st day of November, 2000.


                                MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INC.


                                By:   /s/ Michael T. Cunningham
                                      -------------------------

                                       5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dex1039.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO 1995 EQUITY INCENTIVE COMP. PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.39

  Section 14 of the 1995 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan is hereby amended
and restated to read as follows:

  "14.  PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO SECTION 162(M) PARTICIPANTS.

        (a)   Anything in the Plan to the contrary notwithstanding, unless the
     Committee determines otherwise, all compensation (other than base salary,
     dividend equivalents and distributions from the Company's deferred
     compensation plans, capital accumulation or carried interest plans or other
     compensation plans designated by the Committee) paid by the Company to
     Section 162(m) Participants for a given fiscal year shall be paid under the
     Plan and subject to the terms and provisions of this Section 14.

        (b)   (i)  Commencing with the fiscal year of the Company beginning
December 1, 2000 and for each other fiscal year of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter
ending during the Term of the Plan, unless the Compensation Committee determines
otherwise, each Section 162(m) Participant will be eligible to earn under the
Plan an annual bonus for each fiscal year in a maximum amount equal to 0.5% of
the Company's Pre-Tax Earnings (as defined below in Section 14(d)) for that
fiscal year (the "Maximum Annual Bonus"). In determining the bonus amounts
payable under the Plan, the Compensation Committee may not pay a Section 162(m)
Participant more than the Maximum Annual Bonus. No later than 90 days following
the commencement of each fiscal year (or by such other time as may be required
or permitted by Section 162(m) of the Code), the Committee shall designate in
writing each Section 162(m) Participant.

        (ii)  Following the completion of each fiscal year, the Committee shall
     certify in writing the Maximum Annual Bonus and the bonus amounts, if any,
     payable to Section 162(m) Participants for such fiscal year. The bonus
     amounts payable to a Section 162(m) Participant will be paid annually
     following the end of the applicable fiscal year after such certification by
     the Committee in the form of cash or other permissible Awards with a value
     as of the Date of the Award, determined in accordance with Section 12(b),
     equal to the value of the annual bonus amount earned by the Section 162(m)
     Participant for such fiscal year. In determining the bonus amount earned by
     a Section 162(m) Participant for a given fiscal year, the Committee shall
     have the right to reduce (but not to increase) the bonus amount payable to
     such Section 162(m) Participant to take into account additional factors
     that the Committee may deem relevant to the assessment of individual or
     corporate performance for the year.

        (iii) In the event that all or a portion of an annual bonus awarded to a
Section 162(m) Participant for a given fiscal year is paid in whole or in part
in the form of Awards under the Plan, then for purposes of determining the
number of Shares subject to such Award, the Committee may value the Shares at a
discount to Fair Market Value to reflect the various restrictions, conditions
and limitations set forth in the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement or
Award Certificate or otherwise applicable to the Shares, but such discount shall
not exceed 50% of the Fair Market Value as of the relevant date of
determination, as determined in accordance with a valuation methodology approved
by the Committee.  Notwithstanding the

                                       1
<PAGE>

foregoing, the Fair Market Value of any Awards granted pursuant to this Section
14(b)(iii) plus any cash paid as an annual bonus shall not exceed the Maximum
Annual Bonus.

        (c)  The Committee may also grant Section 162(m) Participants Options or
SARs with a per share exercise price equal to the Fair Market Value of a share
of Stock on the date of grant of the Option or SAR, as determined by the
Committee, provided that no such Options or SARs shall be granted to a Section
162(m) Participant to the extent that such grant would cause the individual
limitation on grants set forth in Section 4 to be exceeded.

        (d)  For purposes of this Section 14, "Pre-Tax Earnings" will mean
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter's income before income taxes as reported in its
consolidated financial statements adjusted to eliminate: (1) the cumulative
effect of changes in accounting policy (which include changes in generally
accepted accounting principles) adopted by Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, for the
relevant fiscal year; (2) expenses classified as "Provisions for Restructuring";
(3) expenses related to "Goodwill Amortization"; (4) gains and/or losses
classified as "Discontinued Operations"; and (5) gains or losses classified as
"Extraordinary Items," which may include: (A) profits or losses on disposal of
assets or segments of the previously separate companies of a business
combination within two years of the date of such combination; (B) gains on
restructuring payables; (C) gains or losses on the extinguishment of debt; (D)
gains or losses from the expropriation of property; (E) gains or losses that are
the direct result of a major casualty; (F) losses resulting from a newly enacted
law or regulation; and (G) other expenses or losses or income or gains that are
unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence. In each instance, the above-
referenced adjustment to Pre-Tax Earnings must be in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles and appear on the face of Morgan Stanley Dean
Witter's Consolidated Statements of Income contained in Morgan Stanley Dean
Witter's Consolidated Financial Statements for such fiscal year.

        (e)  Without further action by the Board, the provisions of this Section
14 shall cease to apply on the effective date of the repeal of Section 162(m) of
the Code (and any successor provision thereto)."

                                       2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dex1043.txt
<DESCRIPTION>KEY EMPLOYEE PRIVATE EQUITY RECOGNITION PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.43

                        MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

                  KEY EMPLOYEE PRIVATE EQUITY RECOGNITION PLAN


     Section 1. Purpose.  The purposes of the Key Employee Private Equity
Recognition Plan are to attract, retain and motivate certain employees of the
Company and to compensate them for their contributions to the growth and profits
of the Company by providing an opportunity to defer compensation into
participations, through notional interests, in private equity investments that
the Company directly or indirectly makes.

     Section 2. Definitions.  As used in this Plan, the following terms shall
have the indicated meanings:

     "Account" means the memorandum account that the Company establishes and
maintains for a Participant pursuant to Section 8.

     "Annex" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16(e).

     "Beneficiary Designation Form" (an initial form of which is attached hereto
as Exhibit D, as may be amended from time to time) shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 14(b).

     "Board" means the Board of Directors of MSDW from time to time or the
Compensation Committee thereof.

     "Bonus" means the pre-tax portion of any fiscal year-end discretionary
bonus that the Company awards to an Eligible Person.  In calculating the amount
of an Eligible Person's Bonus, "Bonus" shall not include the amount of any non-
elective compensation that the Company awards (for example, under the EICP) to
such Eligible Person.  For purposes of this definition, "EICP" means the
Company's Equity Incentive Compensation Plan.

     "Bonus Declaration Year" means the fiscal year in respect of which the
Company declares Bonuses.

     "Bonus Payout Year" means the fiscal year immediately following a Bonus
Declaration Year in which the Company pays Bonuses declared in respect of such
Bonus Declaration Year.

     "Cause", with respect to any Participant, shall have the meaning set forth
in such Participant's Plan Certificate.

     "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the
applicable rulings and regulations thereunder.
<PAGE>

     "Committee" means (i) a committee consisting of employees of the Company
whom the Chief Financial Officer of MSDW and the Chief Strategic and
Administrative Officer of MSDW appoint from time to time or (ii) any other
committee that the Board establishes to administer this Plan.

     "Company" means Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co. and its consolidated
subsidiaries.

     "Delegate" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c).

     "Disability", with respect to any Participant, shall have the meaning in
the Company's long-term disability plan in effect on the date of such
Participant's disabling event and applicable to such Participant.

     "Election Form" (an initial form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B,
as may be amended from time to time) shall have the meaning set forth in Section
6(a).

     "Eligible Person" means (i) an employee of the Institutional Securities
Division of the Company or (ii) an employee in another business unit of the
Company, if senior management of the Company selects such employee, in either
case satisfying the eligibility requirements set forth in Section 5.

     "fiscal year" and "fiscal quarter" mean the Company's fiscal year and the
Company's fiscal quarter, respectively.

     "Forfeiture Event", with respect to any Participant, shall have the meaning
set forth in such Participant's Plan Certificate.  A "Forfeiture Event" may
include any other occurrence or event that is deemed to constitute an occurrence
or event of forfeiture under the EICP for the Bonus Declaration Year in respect
of which such Participant participates in this Plan.

     "Full Career Retirement" means, with respect to any Participant, the
termination of such Participant's employment with the Company on or after the
date on which such Participant:

            (i) has attained age 50 and completed at least 12 years of service
     with the Company as a:

                 (A) Managing Director of the Company or equivalent elected
          officer title; or

                 (B) Member of the Management Committee, Executive Vice
          President, Senior Vice President or First Vice President of Van Kampen
          Investments Inc.;

            (ii) has attained age 50 and completed at least 15 years of service
     as an elected officer of the Company;

                                       2
<PAGE>

            (iii)  has completed at least 20 years of service with the Company;
     or

            (iv) has attained age 55 and has completed at least 5 years of
     service with the Company and the sum of such Participant's age and years of
     service equals or exceeds 65.

     "Indemnified Person" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(d).

     "MSDW" means Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co.

     "Notional Administration Fee" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
8(b).

     "Notional Advance" means, with respect to any Participant, any notional
non-recourse advance that the Company has made or will make to this Plan on
behalf of such Participant.

     "Notional Advance Ratio" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a).

     "Notional Equity Contribution" means, with respect to any Participant, the
notional equity contribution that such Participant makes to this Plan.

     "Participant" means an Eligible Person who participates in this Plan.

     "Plan" means this Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co. Key Employee Private
Equity Recognition Plan.

     "Plan Certificate" means a certificate (an initial form of which is
attached hereto as Exhibit C, as may be amended from time to time) that the
Company issues pursuant to Section 10 and that evidences a Participant's
participation in this Plan.

     "Plan Investment" means an investment that this Plan notionally acquires in
accordance with the investment guidelines set forth in Exhibit A attached
hereto, as may be amended from time to time.

     "Plan Investment Profit" means, with respect to any Participant, any Plan
Investment and the aggregate amount of Proceeds realized in respect of such Plan
Investment at any time, the excess, if any, of (i) such Participant's notional
share of such Proceeds over (ii) the aggregate amount of such Participant's
Notional Equity Contribution and any related Notional Advances notionally
invested in such Plan Investment at such time.

     "Proceeds" means the cash proceeds that the Company realizes directly or
indirectly in respect of (i) any Plan Investment or (ii) any securities or other
property that the Company receives in respect of any Plan Investment; provided

                                       3
<PAGE>

that, "Proceeds" shall not include any proceeds that the Company receives as a
"carried interest," management fee or any other fee or share of profits from a
third party investor or a portfolio company of any fund.

     "Proprietary Information" shall have the meaning set forth in a
Participant's Plan Certificate.

     "Retirement" means, with respect to any Participant, the termination of
such Participant's employment with the Company on or after the date on which
such Participant:

            (i)  has attained age 65; or

            (ii) has attained age 55 and completed at least 10 years of service
     with the Company.

     "Section 162(m) Participant" means, for any fiscal year, any Participant
whom the Board designates by not later than 90 days following the start of such
fiscal year (or such other date as may be required or permitted by Section
162(m) of the Code) as a Participant whose compensation from the Company for
such fiscal year may be subject to the limit on deductible compensation that
Section 162(m) of the Code imposes.

     "service with the Company" includes, for purposes of the definitions of
"Full Career Retirement" and "Retirement", any period of service with the
Company or the following entities and any of their predecessors: (1) Morgan
Stanley Group Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Morgan Stanley") prior to the merger
with and into Dean Witter, Discover & Co., (2) Miller Anderson & Sherrerd, LLP
prior to its acquisition by Morgan Stanley Group Inc.; (3) Van Kampen
Investments Inc. and its subsidiaries prior to its acquisition by Morgan Stanley
Group Inc.; and (4) Dean Witter, Discover & Co. and its subsidiaries ("DWD")
prior to the merger of Morgan Stanley Group Inc. with and into Dean Witter,
Discover & Co.; provided that, a former employee of DWD transferred employment
from DWD directly to Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated or its affiliates
subsequent to February 5, 1997 and that a former employee of Morgan Stanley
transferred employment from Morgan Stanley directly to Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
or its affiliates subsequent to February 5, 1997.

     "Total Notional Investment" means, with respect to any Participant at any
time, such Participant's interest in this Plan that is attributable to such
Participant's Notional Equity Contribution at such time and any related Notional
Advances that the Company has made on behalf of such Participant at such time.

     "Total Notional Investment Fair Market Value" means, with respect to any
Participant at any time, the fair market value (determined by reference to the
lesser of (i) the value that the Company's books and records show as of the then
most recent fiscal quarter end and (ii) the value that the Company's books and

                                       4
<PAGE>

records show as of the then current fiscal quarter end) of such Participant's
Total Notional Investment at such time.

     "Total Notional Investment Original Cost Value" means, with respect to any
Participant at any time, the lesser of:

            (i) such Participant's Total Notional Investment Fair Market Value
     at such time; and

            (ii) the original cost of such Participant's Total Notional
     Investment minus any amounts previously paid to such Participant in respect
     of such Participant's Total Notional Investment, in each case at such time.

     "Treasury Rate" means the cumulative rate per annum equal to the discounted
rate for 90-day U.S. Treasury bills determined by the last U.S. Treasury bill
auction in the relevant fiscal quarter.

     Section 3. Effectiveness.  (a) This Plan shall become effective upon its
adoption by the Board.  Prior to such adoption, the Company shall permit
Eligible Persons to elect to participate in this Plan pursuant to Section 6,
subject to such adoption.  The Company reserves the right not to make available
any plan similar to this Plan (in whole or in part) nor to permit any future
elections at any time after elections are made in respect of Bonuses for the
2000 Bonus Declaration Year.

       (b) The Company reserves the right not to implement this Plan in any
Bonus Payout Year in which, after it reviews the elections that Eligible Persons
have made pursuant to Section 6 in the relevant Bonus Declaration Year, the sum
of (i) the aggregate amount of Notional Equity Contributions and (ii) the
aggregate amount of any related Notional Advances is less than $25,000,000;
provided that, if the Company implements this Plan when such sum is less than
$25,000,000, then this Plan shall not notionally invest in any private
investment funds that rely on Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended.

     Section 4. Administration.  (a) The Committee shall administer this Plan.
In addition to other express powers and authorizations that this Plan confers on
the Committee, the Committee shall have full power and authority, subject to the
express provisions hereof, applicable law and contractual provisions binding
upon the Company and any internal policies and procedures of the Company:

            (i) to determine the size and terms of each Notional Advance;

            (ii)  to determine the terms and conditions of each Plan
     Certificate;

                                       5
<PAGE>

            (iii)   to determine the time and the manner in which to sell,
     liquidate or otherwise dispose of any securities held as a Plan Investment
     or in respect of a Plan Investment;

            (iv)  to construe and interpret this Plan, any Plan Certificate or
     any summary of the foregoing;

            (v)  to prescribe, amend, rescind or waive rules and procedures
     relating to this Plan with respect to all Participants;

            (vi)  to waive the provisions of Section 6(b)(i) with respect to any
     Participant;

            (vii)   to waive any provision of this Plan or the Plan Certificate
     with respect to all Participants; and

            (viii)   to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for
     the administration of this Plan.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no provision of the investment guidelines set
forth in Exhibit A shall be waived unless expressly permitted thereby.

All determinations by the Committee in administering, construing or interpreting
this Plan shall be final, binding and conclusive for all purposes and upon all
persons.

       (b) The Board or Committee may modify, amend, suspend or terminate this
Plan, any Plan Certificate or any provision hereof or thereof (in whole or in
part) at any time; provided that, such modification, amendment, suspension or
termination shall not, without a Participant's consent, affect adversely the
rights of such Participant under this Plan.  No such action shall give rise to a
claim of constructive termination on the part of such Participant.  Upon a
termination of this Plan, subject to Section 13, the Company shall pay each
Participant an amount equal to such Participant's Total Notional Investment Fair
Market Value (determined as of the time of such termination) as soon as
reasonably practicable after such termination.  The Company shall make such
payments in accordance with Section 12.

       (c) The Committee may delegate such of its responsibilities hereunder as
it deems appropriate to one or more officers or directors of the Company (each,
a "Delegate").  In connection with the performance of its responsibilities
hereunder, the Committee may consult with any third party it deems necessary or
advisable, including without limitation, any outside consultant or advisor.

       (d) Neither the Company nor any member of the Board, the Committee, any
Delegate and their respective affiliates and employees (each, an "Indemnified
Person") shall be liable in any manner whatsoever in connection

                                       6
<PAGE>

with the administration, construction or interpretation of this Plan, any Plan
Certificate or any summary of the foregoing, except for any liability arising
out of such person's willful misconduct. Under no circumstances shall any
Indemnified Person be liable for any act or omission of any other Indemnified
Person. In the performance of its, his or her functions with respect to this
Plan, each Indemnified Person shall be entitled to rely upon information and
advice furnished by the Company's officers, the Company's accountants, the
Company's counsel, the Company's tax advisers and any other person the Committee
deems necessary or advisable, and no Indemnified Person shall be liable for any
action taken or not taken in reliance upon any such advice. The Company shall
indemnify each Indemnified Person for any loss or damages that it, he or she
incurs in connection with, or arising out of, this Plan, except for any loss or
damages that result from such Indemnified Person's willful misconduct.

     Section 5. Eligibility.  In order for an employee of the Company to be an
Eligible Person in a Bonus Declaration Year, such employee shall (x) have had
individual cash income (before any elective deferrals) from the Company or a
previous employer (if applicable) in excess of $200,000 for each of the two
calendar years preceding such Bonus Declaration Year and (y) have a reasonable
expectation of receiving individual cash income (before any elective deferrals)
from the Company or a previous employer (if applicable) in excess of $200,000
for the calendar year applicable to such Bonus Declaration Year.

     Section 6. Election; Notional Equity Contribution.  (a) In accordance with
any rules and procedures that the Committee establishes, on or prior to August
31 of any Bonus Declaration Year in respect of which the Company makes this Plan
available, an Eligible Person may elect to defer a portion of such Eligible
Person's Bonus for such Bonus Declaration Year.  Such election, which such
Eligible Person shall make by filing an election form (the "Election Form") with
MSDW's Executive Compensation Department, KEPER Group shall be irrevocable.
Nothing in this Plan shall obligate the Company to award or pay a Bonus to any
person.  Any such election shall be subject to Sections 3 and 5 and shall not
constitute a guarantee of Plan participation.

       (b) As part of the election that a Participant makes pursuant to Section
6(a), such Participant shall designate the amount of such Participant's Notional
Equity Contribution, which amount (i) shall be at least $10,000 and (ii) shall
not exceed the limits applicable to such Participant as set forth in the
Election Form.

       (c) Each Participant's Notional Equity Contribution shall accrue notional
interest at the Treasury Rate from the date of actual payment of such
Participant's Bonus until the Company uses such Notional Equity Contribution to
notionally fund Plan Investments pursuant to Section 9(a) or pays such Notional
Equity Contribution to such Participant pursuant to Section 6(d).

       (d) If at any time the Company determines that the entire amount of a
Participant's Notional Equity Contribution will not be notionally invested in or

                                       7
<PAGE>

reserved for Plan Investments, then the Committee may cause the Company to pay
the uninvested portion of such Notional Equity Contribution (together with
notional interest accrued thereon to the date of payment) to such Participant as
compensation income.

     Section 7. Notional Advance.  (a) At the time that any Participant makes an
election to participate in this Plan pursuant to Section 6, such Participant may
request, and the Company at its election may provide, a Notional Advance to such
Participant in connection with such Participant's Notional Equity Contribution.
At such time, such Participant shall select a ratio corresponding to the amount
of such Participant's Notional Advance to the amount of such Participant's
Notional Equity Contribution, as further described in Section 7(b) (a "Notional
Advance Ratio"), from among the choices set forth in the Election Form.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company reserves the right to change such
Notional Advance Ratio choices at any time, with or without notice.

       (b) If the Company elects to provide a Notional Advance to any
Participant, then for each US$1 (or local currency unit) of Notional Equity
Contribution made by such Participant pursuant to Section 6 and notionally
invested pursuant to this Plan, the Company shall provide a Notional Advance in
an aggregate amount determined in accordance with the Notional Advance Ratio
that such Participant selects pursuant to Section 7(a).

       (c) The Company shall periodically credit Notional Advances to a
Participant's Account when such Notional Advances are required to fund such
Participant's notional share of Plan Investments.

       (d) Each Notional Advance shall bear notional interest at the Treasury
Rate during the period that such Notional Advance is deemed to be outstanding.

     Section 8. Establishment Of Accounts; Notional Administration Fee.  (a) For
purposes of this Plan, in any Bonus Payout Year, the Company shall treat a
Participant as having made such Participant's Notional Equity Contribution to
this Plan on the date of actual payment of Bonuses for the relevant Bonus
Declaration Year.  As of such time, the Company shall establish an Account for
such Participant, to which it shall credit such Participant's Notional Equity
Contribution and any related Notional Advances.  Each  Participant's Account
shall reflect such Participant's notional share of each Plan Investment that
this Plan notionally acquires.

       (b) The Company shall reduce each Participant's Account by a notional
annual administration fee (the "Notional Administration Fee") in an amount that
the Committee determines in its discretion from time to time, which amount shall
not exceed 1.5% of the sum of the Notional Equity Contribution that such
Participant makes pursuant to Section 6 plus the aggregate amount of any related
Notional Advances.  The Notional Administration Fee shall accrue every fiscal

                                       8
<PAGE>

quarter in arrears and shall be deducted from such Participant's notional share
of Proceeds.

     Section 9. Plan Investments.  (a) This Plan shall notionally acquire Plan
Investments for the benefit of  Participants for a purchase price equal to the
fair market value (as the Committee shall determine) of such Plan Investments at
the time of their acquisition.  Participants shall participate in each Plan
Investment pro rata based on their respective Total Notional Investments, unless
the Committee determines otherwise in its sole discretion on a Plan Investment-
by-Plan Investment basis.  Each Participant's notional share of any Plan
Investment shall be deemed to have been notionally funded by such Participant's
Notional Equity Contribution and any related Notional Advances made by the
Company on behalf of such Participant in accordance with such Participant's
Notional Advance Ratio.

       (b) The Company reserves the right to limit the aggregate amount of
Notional Equity Contributions, together with the aggregate amount of any related
Notional Advances, based upon the availability of Plan Investments (such
availability as the Committee determines in its sole discretion).  The Plan
Certificate shall describe the manner in which the Company imposes such
limitation, if any.

     Section 10. Plan Certificate.  The Company shall issue to each Participant
a Plan Certificate setting forth the terms and conditions of participation in
this Plan in respect of a particular Bonus Declaration Year.

     Section 11. Vesting.  (a) Subject to Sections 11(b) and 13, a Participant's
Total Notional Investment shall vest as set forth in such Participant's Plan
Certificate.

       (b) Upon termination of a Participant's employment with the Company as a
result of such Participant's Full Career Retirement or Retirement (as the case
may be) or Disability or death, such Participant's Total Notional Investment
shall vest as set forth in such Participant's Plan Certificate.

       (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may accelerate the
vesting of a Participant's Total Notional Investment and may in its discretion
determine other circumstances under which a Participant's Total Notional
Investment shall vest.  Nothing in this Plan or in any Plan Certificate shall
entitle a Participant to request or receive any payment upon the vesting of all
or any portion of such Participant's Total Notional Investment.

     Section 12. Payments.  (a) Unless the Committee determines otherwise, the
Company shall make payments in respect of each Participant in accordance with
such Participants' Plan Certificate.  The Company may, in its sole discretion,
withhold from any payment an amount sufficient to satisfy any obligation that
such Participant owes to the Company.

                                       9
<PAGE>

       (b) Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or in the Plan Certificate to
the contrary, unless the Committee determines otherwise, the Company shall make
all payments under this Plan in respect of a Section 162(m) Participant in
accordance with this Section 12(b).  The Company shall hold all or a portion of
the Proceeds payable to each Section 162(m) Participant pursuant to this Plan
and/or such 162(m) Participant's Plan Certificate to the extent necessary to
avoid any non-deductibility of such Section 162(m) Participant's compensation
that Section 162(m) of the Code imposes.  During the period that the Company
holds such Proceeds, such Proceeds shall accrue interest at a rate that the
Committee shall determine in its sole discretion.  Without further action by the
Committee, the provisions of this Section 12(b) shall cease to apply on the
effective date of the repeal of Section 162(m) of the Code (and any successor
provision thereto).

     Section 13. Forfeiture Events; Termination Of Employment.  With respect to
a Participant at any time, upon the occurrence of (a) a Forfeiture Event or (b)
a termination of employment with the Company for any reason, the Company's right
to cause such Participant to forfeit such Participant's Total Notional
Investment shall be as set forth in such Participant's Plan Certificate.

     Section 14. Transferability.  (a) No Participant may transfer (other than
by will or by the laws of descent and distribution), pledge, hypothecate or
otherwise dispose of or encumber such Participant's interest in this Plan.

       (b) During a Participant's lifetime, the Company shall make any payment
in respect of such Participant's Total Notional Investment only to such
Participant.  A Participant may designate in writing on a form filed with MSDW's
Executive Compensation Department, KEPER Group (the "Beneficiary Designation
Form") a beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive all or part of the amounts that
the Company shall pay in respect of such Participant's Total Notional Investment
in the event of such Participant's death.  A Participant may replace or revoke a
designation of a beneficiary at any time by filing a new Beneficiary Designation
Form.

       (c) In the event of a Participant's death, the Company shall make any
payment in respect of such Participant's Total Notional Investment as set forth
in such Participant's Plan Certificate.

     Section 15. Withholding Taxes.  The Company may withhold from any amounts
payable under this Plan any such federal, state and local taxes as may be
required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation, whether
foreign or domestic.

     Section 16. Miscellaneous.  (a) The Notional Administration Fee shall cover
all expenses and costs that the Company incurs in connection with the
administration of this Plan.

                                       10
<PAGE>

       (b) The headings of sections herein are included solely for the
convenience of reference and shall not affect the meaning of any of the
provisions of this Plan.

       (c) THIS PLAN AND ALL RIGHTS HEREUNDER SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.  ANY DISPUTE OR
CLAIM ARISING OUT OF THIS PLAN SHALL BE RESOLVED THROUGH ARBITRATION CONDUCTED
BY THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION IN NEW YORK, NEW YORK.

       (d) Neither this Plan nor any Plan Certificate shall create or be
construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind or a fiduciary
relationship between the Company, a Participant or any other person or shall
create or be construed to create a segregation by the Company of assets to fund
this Plan.  To the extent any Participant has a right to receive payments from
the Company pursuant to this Plan, such right shall be no greater than the right
of any unsecured general creditor of the Company.

       (e) A Participant's participation in this Plan shall be conditioned on
the Company making any filings and the Company's receipt of any consents or
authorizations required to comply with, or required to be obtained under,
applicable local law.  To the extent necessary to comply with the local law of
any jurisdiction in which the Company offers and implements this Plan, the
Company may supplement this Plan and/or the Plan Certificate with an annex (an
"Annex"), which Annex shall set forth certain terms and conditions applicable to
such offer and implementation in such jurisdiction.  If there is a conflict
between the provisions of this Plan and the provisions contained in an Annex,
then the provisions of such Annex shall govern.

       (f) If any provision of this Plan or any Plan Certificate is or becomes
or is deemed to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction or as
to any Participant, or would disqualify this Plan or such Plan Certificate under
applicable law, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform
to such law, or if it cannot be construed or deemed amended without materially
altering the intent of this Plan or such Plan Certificate, then such provision
shall be stricken as to such jurisdiction or as to such Participant, and the
remainder of this Plan or such Plan Certificate shall remain in full force and
effect.

                               [END OF THIS PLAN]

                         [REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT BLANK]

                                       11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dex11.txt
<DESCRIPTION>STMT. RE: COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                      EXHIBIT 11

                       Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co.

                      Computation of Earnings Per Share
           (dollars in millions, except share and per share data)(1)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                 Fiscal Year Ended
                                                                  -------------------------------------------------
                                                                   November 30,      November 30,      November 30,
                                                                      2000              1999              1998
                                                                  -------------     -------------     -------------
<S>                                                               <C>               <C>               <C>
Basic EPS:
Weighted-average shares outstanding.............................  1,095,858,438     1,096,789,720     1,151,645,450
                                                                  =============     =============     =============
Earnings:
      Income before cumulative effect of accounting change......  $       5,456     $       4,791     $       3,393
      Cumulative effect of accounting change....................             --                --              (117)
      Less: Preferred stock dividend requirements...............            (36)              (44)              (55)
                                                                  -------------     -------------     -------------
      Earnings applicable to common shares......................  $       5,420     $       4,747     $       3,221
                                                                  =============     =============     =============

Basic EPS before cumulative effect of accounting change.........  $        4.95     $        4.33     $        2.90
Cumulative effect of accounting change..........................             --                --             (0.10)
                                                                  -------------     -------------     -------------

Basic earnings per share........................................  $        4.95     $        4.33     $        2.80
                                                                  =============     =============     =============

Diluted EPS:
Weighted-average shares outstanding.............................  1,095,858,438     1,096,789,720     1,151,645,450
Average common shares issuable under employee benefit
  plans.........................................................     47,200,166        39,347,870        37,079,530

Average common shares issuable upon conversion of ESOP
  preferred stock(2) ...........................................      1,952,911        23,363,080        23,863,150
                                                                  -------------     -------------     -------------
       Total weighted-average diluted shares ...................  1,145,011,515     1,159,500,670     1,212,588,130
                                                                  =============     =============     =============

Earnings:
      Income before cumulative effect of accounting change......  $       5,456     $       4,791     $       3,393
      Cumulative effect of accounting change....................             --                --              (117)
      Less: Preferred stock dividend requirements...............            (36)              (36)              (47)
                                                                  -------------     -------------     -------------
      Earnings applicable to common shares......................  $       5,420     $       4,755     $       3,229
                                                                  =============     =============     =============
Diluted EPS before cumulative effect of accounting
  change........................................................  $        4.73     $        4.10     $        2.76
Cumulative effect of accounting change..........................             --                --             (0.09)
                                                                  -------------     -------------     -------------
Diluted earnings per share......................................  $        4.73     $        4.10     $        2.67
                                                                  =============     =============     =============
</TABLE>
(1) All share and per share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect
    a two-for-one common stock split, effected in the form of a 100% stock
    dividend, which became effective on January 26, 2000.

(2) ESOP shares were converted to common shares in January 2000.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>dex12.txt
<DESCRIPTION>STMT. RE: COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                      EXHIBIT 12

                       Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co.

                       Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges
      and Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividends
                              (dollars in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                 Fiscal Year
                                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                                               2000        1999          1998       1997      1996
                                                                             -------     -------       -------    -------   -------
Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges
Earnings:
<S>                                                                          <C>         <C>           <C>        <C>       <C>
  Income before income taxes(l) ..........................................   $ 8,526     $ 7,728       $ 5,385    $ 4,274   $ 3,117
  Add: Fixed charges, net ................................................    18,334      12,626        13,564     10,898     9,026
                                                                             -------     -------       -------    -------   -------
        Income before income taxes and fixed charges, net ................   $26,860     $20,354       $18,949    $15,172   $12,143
                                                                             =======     =======       =======    =======   =======
Fixed charges:
  Total interest expense .................................................   $18,183     $12,515       $13,464    $10,806   $ 8,934
  Interest factor in rents ...............................................       156         111           100         92        92
                                                                             -------     -------       -------    -------   -------
        Total fixed charges ..............................................   $18,339     $12,626       $13,564    $10,898   $ 9,026
                                                                             =======     =======       =======    =======   =======
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges .......................................       1.5         1.6           1.4        1.4       1.3

Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividends
Earnings:

  Income before income taxes(l) ..........................................   $ 8,526     $ 7,728       $ 5,385    $ 4,274   $ 3,117
  Add: Fixed charges, net ................................................    18,334      12,626        13,564     10,898     9,026
                                                                             -------     -------       -------    -------   -------
        Income before income taxes and fixed charges, net ................   $26,860     $20,354       $18,949    $15,172   $12,143
                                                                             =======     =======       =======    =======   =======
Fixed charges:
  Total interest expense .................................................   $18,183     $12,515       $13,464    $10,806   $ 8,934
  Interest factor in rents ...............................................       156         111           100         92        92
  Preferred stock dividends ..............................................        56          72            87        110       101
                                                                             -------     -------       -------    -------   -------
        Total fixed charges and preferred stock dividends ................   $18,395     $12,698       $13,651    $11,008   $ 9,127
                                                                             =======     =======       =======    =======   =======
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges and preferred stock dividends .........       1.5         1.6           1.4        1.4       1.3
</TABLE>

- -----------
(1)  1998 Income before income taxes does not include a cumulative effect of
     accounting change.

     "Earnings" consist of income before income taxes and fixed charges. "Fixed
     charges" consist of interest costs, including interest on deposits, and
     that portion of rent expense estimated to be representative of the interest
     factor. The preferred stock dividend amounts represent pre-tax earnings
     required to cover dividends on preferred stock.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>dex21.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF MSDW
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                      EXHIBIT 21
                                                        (i)(ii)
                       Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co.
                               Subsidiaries List
                            As of November 30, 2000

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                          Jurisdiction of
                                                                                          Incorporation or          Year of Inc. or
                                                                                             Formation                 Formation
                                                                                       ----------------------       ----------------
<S>                                                                                    <C>                          <C>
Bayfine DE LLC                                                                               Delaware                   2000
Bayview Holding Ltd.                                                                         Cayman Islands             2000
     Bayfine UK Products                                                                     England & Wales            2000
     Bayfine Cayman Ltd.                                                                     Cayman Islands             2000
     Bayfine DE Inc.                                                                         Delaware                   2000
         Bayfine UK                                                                          England & Wales            2000
Dean Witter Alliance Capital Corporation                                                     Delaware                   1993
Dean Witter Asset Corporation                                                                Delaware                   1992
Dean Witter Capital Corporation                                                              Delaware                   1987
     Dean Witter Advisers Inc.                                                               Delaware                   1989
     Dean Witter Capital Advisers Inc.                                                       Delaware                   1989
     DW Administrators Inc.                                                                  Delaware                   1989
     DW Window Coverings Holding, Inc.                                                       Delaware                   1988
Dean Witter Futures and Currency Management Inc.                                             Delaware                   1987
Dean Witter Realty Inc.                                                                      Delaware                   1982
     Dean Witter Global Realty Inc.                                                          Delaware                   1995
     Dean Witter Holding Corporation                                                         Delaware                   1983
         Civic Center Leasing Corporation                                                    Delaware                   1983
         Lee Leasing Corporation                                                             Delaware                   1982
         Lewiston Leasing Corporation                                                        Delaware                   1983
         Sartell Leasing Corporation                                                         Delaware                   1982
     Dean Witter Leasing Corporation                                                         Delaware                   1982
     Dean Witter Realty Credit Corporation                                                   Delaware                   1982
     Dean Witter Realty Fourth Income Properties Inc.                                        Delaware                   1986
     Dean Witter Realty Growth Properties Inc.                                               Delaware                   1985
     Dean Witter Realty Income Associates I Inc.                                             Delaware                   1983
     Dean Witter Realty Income Associates II Inc.                                            Delaware                   1984
     Dean Witter Realty Income Properties I Inc.                                             Delaware                   1983
     Dean Witter Realty Income Properties II Inc.                                            Delaware                   1984
     Dean Witter Realty Income Properties III Inc.                                           Delaware                   1985
     Dean Witter Realty Yield Plus Assignor Inc.                                             Delaware                   1987
     Dean Witter Realty Yield Plus Inc.                                                      Delaware                   1987
     Dean Witter Realty Yield Plus II Inc.                                                   Delaware                   1988
     DW Arboretum Plaza Inc.                                                                 Delaware                   1992
     DW Bennington Property Inc.                                                             Delaware                   1993
     DW Chesterbrook Investors Inc.                                                          Delaware                   1992
     DW Duportail Investors Inc.                                                             Delaware                   1992
     DW Greycoat Inc.                                                                        Delaware                   1993
     Green Orchard Inc.                                                                      Massachusetts              1991
     LLJV Funding Corporation                                                                Massachusetts              1984
     Realty Management Services Inc.                                                         Delaware                   1982
     DW Taxter Special Corp.                                                                 Delaware                   1999
Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.                                                                    Delaware                   1968
     Dean Witter Reynolds Insurance Agency (Massachusetts) Inc.                              Massachusetts              1975
     Dean Witter Reynolds Insurance Agency (Ohio) Inc.                                       Ohio                       1977
     Dean Witter Reynolds Insurance Agency (Oklahoma) Inc.                                   Oklahoma                   1976
     Dean Witter Reynolds Insurance Agency (Texas) Inc.                                      Texas                      1978
     Dean Witter Reynolds Insurance Services (Alabama) Inc.                                  Alabama                    1991
     Dean Witter Reynolds Insurance Services (Arkansas) Inc.                                 Arkansas                   1977
     Dean Witter Reynolds Insurance Services (Illinois) Inc.                                 Illinois                   1975
     Dean Witter Reynolds Insurance Services, Inc. (Puerto Rico)                             Puerto Rico                1987
     Dean Witter Reynolds Insurance Services (Maine) Inc.                                    Maine                      1995
     Dean Witter Reynolds Insurance Services (Montana) Inc.                                  Montana                    1977
     Dean Witter Reynolds Insurance Services (New  Hampshire) Inc.                           New Hampshire              1977
     Dean Witter Reynolds Insurance Services (South Dakota) Inc.                             South Dakota               1977
     Dean Witter Reynolds Insurance Services (Wyoming) Inc.                                  Wyoming                    1977
     DWR Special Partners Inc.                                                               Delaware                   1982
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Global Insurance Services Limited                            Bermuda                    2000
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Insurance Services (Arizona) Inc.                            Arizona                    1974
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Insurance Services Inc.                                      Delaware                   1972
         Dean Witter Reynolds Insurance Agency (Indiana) Inc.                                Indiana                    1975
         FD Insurance Services, Inc.                                                         Delaware                   1997
         FD Insurance Services of Nevada, Inc.                                               Nevada                     1997
         FD Insurance Services of New Mexico, Inc.                                           New Mexico                 1997
         FD Insurance Services of Texas, Inc.                                                Texas                      1997
Dean Witter Reynolds Partners Inc.                                                           Delaware                   1982
</TABLE>

Page 1 of 8 Pages
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          Jurisdiction of
                                                                                          Incorporation or          Year of Inc. or
                                                                                             Formation                 Formation
                                                                                       ----------------------       ----------------
<S>                                                                                    <C>                          <C>
Dean Witter Reynolds Venture Equities Inc.                                                   Delaware                   1981
     Dean Witter Venture Management Inc.                                                     Delaware                   1986
Dean Witter Venture Inc.                                                                     Delaware                   1993
Demeter Management Corporation                                                               Delaware                   1977
DWR Partnership Administrators Inc.                                                          Delaware                   1989
Early Adopter Fund Manager Inc.                                                              Delaware                   1999
Jolter Investments Inc.                                                                      Delaware                   1989
Morgan Rundle Inc.                                                                           Delaware                   1978
     MR Ventures Inc.                                                                        Delaware                   1982
Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated                                                            Delaware                   1969
     Graystone Wealth Management Services LLC                                                Delaware                   1999
     Morgan Stanley Flexible Agreements Inc.                                                 Delaware                   1992
     MS Securities Services Inc.                                                             Delaware                   1981
     Prime Dealer Services Corp.                                                             Delaware                   1994
Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc.                                                            Delaware                   1997
Morgan Stanley ABS Capital II Inc.                                                           Delaware                   1997
Morgan Stanley Advisory Partnership Inc.                                                     Delaware                   1985
Morgan Stanley Asset Funding Inc.                                                            Delaware                   1997
Morgan Stanley Baseball, Inc.                                                                Delaware                   1989
Morgan Stanley Capital Group Inc.                                                            Delaware                   1984
     MSDW Power  Development Corp.                                                           Delaware                   2000
         Naniwa Energy LLC                                                                   Delaware                   2000
     South Eastern Electric Development Corporation                                          Delaware                   1998
     South Eastern Energy Corporation                                                        Delaware                   1999
     South Eastern Generating Corporation                                                    Delaware                   2000
Morgan Stanley Capital International Inc. *                                                  Delaware                   1998
     Morgan Stanley Capital International Australia Pty Limited                              Australia                  2000
     Morgan Stanley Capital International Limited                                            England & Wales            2000
     Morgan Stanley Capital International S.A.                                               Switzerland                1998
Morgan Stanley Capital (Jersey) Limited                                                      Jersey, Channel Is.        1987
Morgan Stanley Capital Partners III, Inc.                                                    Delaware                   1993
Morgan Stanley Capital Services Inc.                                                         Delaware                   1985
Morgan Stanley Commercial Mortgage Capital, Inc.                                             Delaware                   1994
Morgan Stanley Credit Products Ltd.                                                          Cayman Islands             1998
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Advisors Inc.                                                     Delaware                   1992
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Services Company Inc.                                        Delaware                   1994
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Capital I Inc.                                                    Delaware                   1985
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Commercial Financial Services, Inc.                               Delaware                   2000
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Commodities Management Inc.                                       Delaware                   1992
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Distributors Inc.                                                 Delaware                   1992
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Equity Funding, Inc.                                              Delaware                   1998
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter HK RAV IV, LLC                                                    Delaware                   1999
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter International Incorporated                                        Delaware                   1978
     Dean Witter Reynolds GmbH                                                               Germany                    1974
     Dean Witter Reynolds (Hong Kong) Limited                                                Hong Kong                  1979
     Dean Witter Reynolds International, Inc.                                                Panama                     1959
         Dean Witter Reynolds (Geneva) S.A.                                                  Switzerland                1991
     Dean Witter International Ltd.                                                          England & Wales            1988
         Dean Witter Capital Markets International Ltd. (U.K.)                               England & Wales            1987
         Dean Witter Futures Limited                                                         England & Wales            1977
         Dean Witter Reynolds Limited                                                        England & Wales            1968
     Dean Witter Reynolds International, S.A.                                                France                     1979
     Dean Witter Reynolds (Lausanne) S.A.                                                    Switzerland                1973
     Dean Witter Reynolds (Lugano) S.A.                                                      Switzerland                1989
     Dean Witter Reynolds S.p.A.                                                             Italy                      1978
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Trust Company (Cayman) Ltd.                                  Cayman Islands             1998
         Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Nominees Limited                                         Cayman Islands             1999
         Tate Limited                                                                        Cayman Islands             1999
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Investment Group Inc.                                             Delaware                   1999
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Investment Management Inc.                                        Delaware                   1980
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Global Franchise Inc.                                        Delaware                   1997
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Investment Management Holdings Inc.                          Delaware                   1995
         Miller Anderson & Sherrerd, LLP                                                     Pennsylvania               1971
            MAS Capital Management Partners, LP                                              Delaware                   2000
            MAS Fixed Income Partnership I, L.P.                                             Delaware                   1995
                MAS Fixed Income I, LLC                                                      Delaware                   1995
            MAS Fixed Income Partnership II, LP                                              Delaware                   1995
</TABLE>

Page 2 of 8 Pages
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          Jurisdiction of
                                                                                          Incorporation or          Year of Inc. or
                                                                                             Formation                 Formation
                                                                                       ----------------------       ----------------
<S>                                                                                    <C>                          <C>
                MAS Fixed Income II, LLC                                                     Delaware                   1995
            MAS Fund Distribution, Inc.                                                      Pennsylvania               1992
            MSDW AIP Funding Inc.                                                            Delaware                   2000
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Municipal Funding, Inc.                                           Delaware                   1998
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Principal Funding, Inc.                                           Delaware                   1998
     Cornerford Limited                                                                      England & Wales            2000
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Trust FSB                                                         Federal Charter            1996
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Wealth Management, Inc.                                           Delaware                   1998
Morgan Stanley Derivative Products Inc.                                                      Delaware                   1994
Morgan Stanley Developing Country Debt II, Inc.                                              Delaware                   1991
Morgan Stanley Emerging Markets Inc.                                                         Delaware                   1990
Morgan Stanley Equity Finance Limited                                                        England & Wales            1997
Morgan Stanley Equity Investors Inc.                                                         Delaware                   1988
Morgan Stanley Finance (Jersey) Limited                                                      Jersey, Channel Is.        1990
Morgan Stanley Funding, Inc.                                                                 Delaware                   1997
Morgan Stanley Global Emerging Markets, Inc.                                                 Delaware                   1996
Morgan Stanley Insurance Agency Inc.                                                         Delaware                   1985
Morgan Stanley International Incorporated                                                    Delaware                   1963
     Bank Morgan Stanley AG                                                                  Switzerland                1973
     Cabot Aircraft Services Limited                                                         Ireland                    1997
         Eplane Research Limited                                                             Ireland                    2000
     Fosbury Investments Cooperatieve U.A.                                                   The Netherlands            1998
     Morgan Stanley AB                                                                       Sweden                     1999
     Morgan Stanley Asia Holdings I Inc.                                                     Delaware                   1990
     Morgan Stanley Asia Holdings II Inc.                                                    Delaware                   1990
     Morgan Stanley Asia Holdings III Inc.                                                   Delaware                   1990
     Morgan Stanley Asia Holdings IV Inc.                                                    Delaware                   1990
     Morgan Stanley Asia Holdings V Inc.                                                     Delaware                   1990
     Morgan Stanley Asia Holdings VI Inc.                                                    Delaware                   1990
     Morgan Stanley Asia Pacific (Holdings) Limited                                          Cayman Islands             1995
         Morgan Stanley Asia Regional (Holdings) II LLC                                      Cayman Islands             1995
         Morgan Stanley Asia Regional (Holdings) III LLC                                     Cayman Islands             1995
            Morgan Stanley Dean Witter (Singapore) Holdings Pte Ltd                          Rep. of Singapore          1999
                Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Asia (Singapore) Pte                              Rep. of Singapore          1992
                Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Asia (Singapore) Securities Pte                   Rep. of Singapore          2000
                Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Capital Group (Singapore) Pte                     Rep. of Singapore          1990
                Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Futures (Singapore) Pte                           Rep. of Singapore          1992
                Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Investment Management Company                     Rep. of Singapore          1990
                Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Private Equity (Asia) Pte Ltd                     Rep. of Singapore          1999
         Morgan Stanley Asia Regional (Holdings) IV LLC                                      Cayman Islands             1995
         Morgan Stanley Dean Witter (Hong Kong) Holdings                                     Hong Kong                  1998
            MSDW Asia Securities Products LLC                                                Cayman Islands             1995
                Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Asia Limited                                      Hong Kong                  1984
                Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Futures (Hong Kong) Limited                       Hong Kong                  1988
                Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Hong Kong Securities Limited                      Hong Kong                  1988
                Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Pacific Limited                                   Hong Kong                  1987
         MSDW-JL Holdings I Limited                                                          Cayman Islands             1998
            Morgan Stanley Japan (Holdings) Ltd.                                             Cayman Islands             1984
                Morgan Stanley Japan Limited                                                 Hong Kong                  1993
                Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Japan Group, Ltd.                                 Cayman Islands             2000
                    Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Nippon Securities, Ltd.                       Cayman Islands             2000
                MSDW-JL Holdings II Limited                                                  Cayman Islands             2000
                    Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Japan Limited                                 Cayman Islands             1999
            MSDW Birkdale Limited                                                            Cayman Islands             2000
                MSDW Portrush Limited                                                        Cayman Islands             2000
            MSDW Muirfield Limited                                                           Cayman Islands             2000
                MSDW Lytham Limited                                                          Cayman Islands             2000
     Morgan Stanley Asset & Investment Trust Management Co., Limited                         Japan                      1987
     Morgan Stanley Asset Management S.A.                                                    Luxembourg                 1988
     Morgan Stanley Canada Limited                                                           Canada                     1982
     Morgan Stanley Capital SA                                                               France                     1989
     Morgan Stanley Capital (Luxembourg) S.A.                                                Luxembourg                 1993
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Asia (China) Limited                                         Hong Kong                  1991
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Asia (Taiwan) Ltd.                                           Rep. of China              1990
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Australia Limited                                            Australia                  1989
</TABLE>

Page 3 of 8 Pages
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          Jurisdiction of
                                                                                          Incorporation or          Year of Inc. or
                                                                                             Formation                 Formation
                                                                                       ----------------------       ----------------
<S>                                                                                    <C>                          <C>
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Australia Finance Limited                                    Australia                  1999
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Australia Securities Limited                                 Australia                  1997
         Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Australia Securities (Nominee) Pty Limited               Australia                  1999
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter (Espana) SA                                                  Spain                      1998
     Morgan Stanley International Limited                                                    England & Wales            1998
         Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Financial Holdings, LLC                                  Delaware                   1999
            Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Hong Kong Finance Limited                             Hong Kong                  1999
         MSDW Fixed Income Limited                                                           Jersey, Channel Is.        1999
            Narib Limited                                                                    Jersey, Channel Is.        1999
            Willow Capital Limited                                                           Jersey, Channel Is.        1999
         Morgan Stanley Dean Witter UK Capital Limited                                       England & Wales            1999
         Morgan Stanley Funding Limited                                                      Jersey, Channel Is.        1997
         Morgan Stanley Funding II Limited                                                   Jersey, Channel Is.        1999
         Morgan Stanley Group (Europe)                                                       England & Wales            1988
            Delta AB 1 General Partner Limited                                               England & Wales            1996
            Morgan Stanley Capital Group Limited                                             England & Wales            1993
            Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Bank Limited                                          England & Wales            1999
                Banca Morgan Stanley SpA                                                     Italy                      1990
            Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Card Services Limited                                 England & Wales            1999
            Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Investment Management Limited                         England & Wales            1986
            Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Trustee Limited                                       England & Wales            1999
            Morgan Stanley (Europe) Limited                                                  England & Wales            1993
            Morgan Stanley Finance plc                                                       England & Wales            1993
                MSDW Corporate Holdings Limited                                              England & Wales            2000
                    MSDW Investment Holdings I Limited                                       Jersey, Channel Is.        1999
                       MSDW Investment Holdings II Limited                                   Jersey, Channel Is.        1999
                       Sunningdale Investments Cooper atieve UA                              The Netherlands            1999
                       Woburn Investments Cooperatieve UA                                    The Netherlands            1999
                Wentworth Cooperatieve U.A.                                                  The Netherlands            2000
            Morgan Stanley Property Management (UK) Limited                                  England & Wales            1987
            Morgan Stanley Services (UK) Limited                                             England & Wales            1993
            Morgan Stanley (Structured Products) Jersey Limited                              Jersey, Channel Is.        1994
            Morgan Stanley UK Group                                                          England & Wales            1976
                Morgan Stanley & Co. International Limited                                   England & Wales            1986
                    Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Strategic Investments Limited                 England & Wales            2000
                    Morgan Stanley International Nominees Limited                            England & Wales            1994
                    MSDW Millenium Investments Limited                                       England & Wales            2000
                    MSDW Turnberry Ltd.                                                      England & Wales            2000
                       MSDW Jubilee Investments Ltd.                                         England & Wales            2000
                           Augusta Cooperatieve UA                                           Netherlands                2000
                           MSDW Eden Investments Ltd.                                        England & Wales            2000
                       MSDW Mallard Investments Limited                                      England & Wales            2000
                           Haddington Investments Limited                                    Cayman Islands             2000
                    NRG360 Limited                                                           England & Wales            2000
                Morgan Stanley & Co. Limited                                                 England & Wales            1986
                Morgan Stanley Securities Limited                                            England & Wales            1986
                    Morstan Nominees Limited                                                 England & Wales            1986
                    MSDW Equity (UK) Plc                                                     England & Wales            1998
         MS Leasing UK Limited                                                               England & Wales            1991
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Finance (Netherlands) BV                                     The Netherlands            2000
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Hong Kong Nominees Limited                                   Hong Kong                  1988
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Mauritius Company Limited                                    Mauritius                  1993
         Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Investment Management Private Limited *                  India                      1993
         Morgan Stanley India Securities Limited*                                            India                      1995
            JM Morgan Stanley Securities Limited *                                           India                      1998
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, S.V., S. A.                                                 Spain                      1999
         AB Asesores Bursatiles Cordoba, S.A. *                                              Spain                      1992
         AB Asesores Bursatiles Murcia, S.A. *                                               Spain                      1993
         AB Asesores Bursatiles Sur, S.A. *                                                  Spain                      1989
            AB Asesores Ceuta, S.L. *                                                        Spain                      1998
         AB Asesores Castilla, S.A. *                                                        Spain                      1996
         AB Asesores CFMB Almeria, S.A. *                                                    Spain                      1998

         Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Gestion Pensiones, EGFP, S.A.                            Spain                      1992
         Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Consulting, S.A.                                         Spain                      2000
         AB Asesores Wellesley, S.A.                                                         Spain                      1998
</TABLE>

Page 4 of 8 Pages
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          Jurisdiction of
                                                                                          Incorporation or          Year of Inc. or
                                                                                             Formation                 Formation
                                                                                       ----------------------       ----------------
<S>                                                                                    <C>                          <C>
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter (Thailand) Limited                                           Thailand                   1997
     Morgan Stanley Holding (Deutschland) GmbH                                               Germany                    1990
         Morgan Stanley Bank AG                                                              Germany                    1986
     Morgan Stanley International Insurance Ltd.                                             Bermuda                    1995
     Morgan Stanley Latin America Incorporated                                               Delaware                   1994
         Morgan Stanley Administadora de Carteiras S.A.                                      Brazil                     1996
         Morgan Stanley Dean Witter do Brasil Ltda.                                          Brazil                     1995
            Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Distributidora de Titulos e Valores Mobilarios SA     Brazil                     1998
            Morgan Stanley Financial Products Ltd.                                           Cayman Islands             1997
         Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Participacoes e Empreendimentos S.A.                     Brazil                     2000
         MSLA Advisors Incorporated                                                          Delaware                   1995
     Morgan Stanley Middle East Inc.                                                         Delaware                   1997
     Morgan Stanley Mortgage Servicing Ltd.                                                  England & Wales            1997
     Morgan Stanley Offshore Investment Company Ltd.                                         Cayman Islands             1987
     Morgan Stanley S.A.                                                                     France                     1992
         Morgan Stanley Dean Witter (France) SA                                              France                     1998
     Morgan Stanley Services (Jersey) Limited                                                Jersey, Channel Is.        1997
     Morgan Stanley South Africa (Pty) Limited                                               South Africa               1994
     Morgan Stanley SPV I (Cayman Islands) LLC                                               Cayman Islands             1996
         Farlington Company                                                                  Ireland                    1996
            ITALSEC S.r.l.                                                                   Italy                      1996
     Morgan Stanley SPV II (Cayman Islands) LLC                                              Cayman Islands             1996
     Morgan Stanley Trading Beteiligungs-GmbH                                                Germany                    1993
         Morgan Stanley Trading GmbH & Co. KG                                                Germany                    1994
     Morgan Stanley Wertpapiere GmbH                                                         Germany                    1989
     MS Italy (Holdings) Inc.                                                                Delaware                   1990
     MS LDC, Ltd.                                                                            Delaware                   1991
         MSDW Capital Investments Inc.                                                       Delaware                   1999
     MSAM/Kokusai (Cayman Islands), Inc.                                                     Cayman Islands             1996
     MSAM/Kokusai II (Cayman Islands), Inc.                                                  Cayman Islands             1997
     MSDW-AMM, Inc.                                                                          Delaware                   2000
     MSDW Investment Holdings Limited                                                        Cayman Islands             1999
         Cabot 2 Limited                                                                     England & Wales            1978
            MS Cabot Inc.                                                                    Delaware                   1995
         MSDW Investment Holdings (US) Inc.                                                  Delaware                   1999
            MSDW Investment Holdings (UK) Ltd.                                               England & Wales            1999
                Cabot 1 Limited                                                              England & Wales            1983
                    Applied Risc Technologies Limited                                        England & Wales            1995
     MSL Incorporated                                                                        Delaware                   1976
     Providence Cayman Products Limited                                                      Cayman Islands             2000
     Providence DE LLC                                                                       Delaware                   2000
         Providence Canada Co.                                                               Canada                     2000
            Providence Cayman Investments Limited *                                          Cayman Islands             2000
                Providence DE Investments Co.                                                Delaware                   2000
Morgan Stanley (Jersey) Limited                                                              Jersey, Channel Is.        1986
Morgan Stanley LEF I, Inc.                                                                   Delaware                   1989
Morgan Stanley Leveraged Capital Fund Inc.                                                   Delaware                   1985
Morgan Stanley Leveraged Equity Fund II, Inc.                                                Delaware                   1987
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Private Equity Asia Limited                                  Hong Kong                  1992
Morgan Stanley Leveraged Equity Holdings Inc.                                                Delaware                   1987
Morgan Stanley Market Products Inc.                                                          Delaware                   1987
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Mortgage Capital Inc.                                             New York                   1984
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Asset Capital Inc.                                           Delaware                   2000
Morgan Stanley Overseas Finance Ltd.                                                         Cayman Islands             1997
Morgan Stanley Overseas Services (Jersey) Limited                                            Jersey, Channel Is.        1986
Morgan Stanley Real Estate Investment Management Inc.                                        Delaware                   1990
     Morgan Stanley Real Estate Fund, Inc.                                                   Delaware                   1989
         MSREF I, L.L.C.                                                                     Delaware                   1995
     MSREF I-CO, L.L.C.                                                                      Delaware                   1995
Morgan Stanley Real Estate Investment Management II, Inc.                                    Delaware                   1994
     MSREF II-CO, L.L.C.                                                                     Delaware                   1995
Morgan Stanley Realty Incorporated                                                           Delaware                   1969
     BH-MS Realty Inc.                                                                       Delaware                   1983
         BH-MS Leasing Inc.                                                                  Delaware                   1983
            BH-Sartell Inc.                                                                  Delaware                   1983
     Brooks Harvey & Co., Inc.                                                               Delaware                   1971
</TABLE>

Page 5 of 8 Pages
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          Jurisdiction of
                                                                                          Incorporation or          Year of Inc. or
                                                                                             Formation                 Formation
                                                                                       ----------------------       ----------------
<S>                                                                                    <C>                          <C>
     Japan Realty Finance Company                                                            Cayman Islands             1998
     Kearny Global, Inc.                                                                     Delaware                   1998
         KGI Corso Venezia S.r.L.                                                            Italy                      1999
         Kearny Germany GmbH                                                                 Germany                    1999
         Kearny Global Korea Limited                                                         Korea                      2000
         Kearny Real Estate Company                                                          Delaware                   1998
     Kearny Global Investors, K.K.                                                           Japan                      1998
         Lombard Servicing Inc.                                                              Japan                      1999
     Morgan Stanley Realty of California Inc.                                                California                 1970
     Morgan Stanley Realty of Illinois Inc.                                                  Delaware                   1989
     Morgan Stanley Realty Japan Ltd.                                                        Japan                      1998
     MSDW Canary Wharf, L.L.C.                                                               Delaware                   1999
     Tokyo Realty Investment Company                                                         Cayman Islands             1998
The Morgan Stanley Scholarship Fund Inc. (Not-For-Profit)                                    Delaware                   1985
Morgan Stanley Securitization Funding Inc.                                                   Delaware                   1998
Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc.                                                          Delaware                   1996
Morgan Stanley Services Inc.                                                                 Delaware                   1988
Morgan Stanley Structured Products (Cayman) I Limited                                        Cayman Islands             1997
     Morgan Stanley Structured Products (Cayman) II Limited                                  Cayman Islands             1997
Morgan Stanley Technical Services Inc.                                                       Delaware                   1989
Morgan Stanley Technical Services MB/VC Inc.                                                 Delaware                   1993
Morgan Stanley Venture Capital Inc.                                                          Delaware                   1984
Morgan Stanley Venture Capital II, Inc.                                                      Delaware                   1992
Morgan Stanley Venture Capital III, Inc.                                                     Delaware                   1996
Morgan Stanley Ventures Inc.                                                                 Delaware                   1984
Morstan Development Company, Inc.                                                            Delaware                   1971
     Moranta, Inc.                                                                           Georgia                    1979
     Porstan Development Company, Inc.                                                       Oregon                     1982
MS 10020, Inc.                                                                               Delaware                   1994
MS 10036, Inc.                                                                               Delaware                   1996
MS Capital Cayman Ltd.                                                                       Cayman Islands             1997
MS Capital Holdings Inc.                                                                     Delaware                   1997
     Morgan Stanley Capital (Delaware) L.L.C.                                                Delaware                   1997
MS Financing Inc.                                                                            Delaware                   1986
     G.H.Y. Capital II B.V.                                                                  The Netherlands            1999
     Corso Marconi Immobiliare Limited Liability Company                                     Delaware                   1998
         Corso Marconi Immobiliare S.a.r.l.                                                  Luxembourg                 1998
     Corso Marconi Immobiliare 2 Limited Liability Company                                   Delaware                   1999
         Octavian S.a.r.l.                                                                   Luxembourg                 1999
            Luxco France  S.a.r.l.                                                           Luxembourg                 1999
            Luxco Germany  S.a.r.l.                                                          Luxembourg                 1999
                Alfa Romeo Vertriebsgesellschaft mbH *                                       Germany                    1961
                Luxco Deutschland GmbH                                                       Germany                    1999
            Luxco Spain S.a.r.l.                                                             Luxembourg                 1999
            Luxco UK S.a.r.l.                                                                Luxembourg                 1999
                Corso Marconi UK Limited                                                     England & Wales            1996
            Viale Marconi Immobiliare S.a.r.l.*                                              Luxembourg                 1992
     Morgan Stanley 750 Building Corp.                                                       Delaware                   1994
         G.H.Y. Capital B.V.                                                                 The Netherlands            1998
            Hybrid Capital Y.K.                                                              Japan                      2000
     MS Tokyo Properties Ltd.                                                                Japan                      1989
     MSDW Aircraft Holdings                                                                  Delaware                   1999
         Alltransair Nevada, Inc.                                                            Nevada                     1986
            Alltrans Nevada, Inc.                                                            Nevada                     1991
            Ancon Inc.                                                                       Nevada                     1991
            Anfal Inc.                                                                       Nevada                     1991
            Angar Nevada                                                                     Nevada                     1994
            Ansett Worldwide Aviation, U.S.A.                                                Nevada                     1986
                Ansett Worldwide Aviation Ireland Limited                                    Ireland                    1996
                Ansett Worldwide Aviation UK Limited                                         England & Wales            1994
         Ansett Worldwide Aviation Limited                                                   Hong Kong                  1987
            Fiban Limited                                                                    Hong Kong                  1991
            Anzam Limited                                                                    Hong Kong                  1991
            Ansett Worldwide Aviation Sales Limited                                          Hong Kong                  1989
         Ansett Worldwide Aviation Netherlands B.V.                                          The Netherlands            1992
         Ansett Worldwide Aviation Services, Inc.                                            New York                   2000
</TABLE>

Page 6 of 8 Pages
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          Jurisdiction of
                                                                                          Incorporation or          Year of Inc. or
                                                                                             Formation                 Formation
                                                                                       ----------------------       ----------------
<S>                                                                                    <C>                          <C>
         AWMS (Delaware) Inc.                                                                Delaware                   2000
         AWMS (Sweden) AB                                                                    Sweden                     2000
         AWMS (UK) Limited                                                                   England & Wales            2000
         AWMS (Celtic) Limited                                                               Ireland                    2000
         Calapooia Air Limited                                                               Hong Kong                  1987
         Siletz Air Limited                                                                  Hong Kong                  1987
            Ansett Finance (Europe) B.V.                                                     The Netherlands            1967
            Ansett Worldwide Aviation Equipment                                              Hong Kong                  1990
         Nordstress Australia Pty. Limited                                                   Australia                  1993
         Nordstress Limited                                                                  Hong Kong                  1982
            Nordstress (Singapore) Pte Limited                                               Singapore                  1992
         Siuslaw Air, Inc.                                                                   Nevada                     1990
         Deschutes Air, Inc.                                                                 Nevada                     1992
     MSDW LTCP, L.L.C.                                                                       Delaware                   1998
     MSDW 745, LLC                                                                           Delaware                   1998
MS Holdings Incorporated                                                                     Delaware                   1995
MS Real Estate Special Situations Inc.                                                       Delaware                   1997
MS Real Estate Special Situations GP Inc.                                                    Delaware                   1997
MS Synfuels, Inc.                                                                            Delaware                   1998
MS Technology Holdings, Inc.                                                                 Delaware                   1997
MS Venture Capital (Japan) Inc.                                                              Delaware                   1989
MSAM Holdings II, Inc.                                                                       Delaware                   1996
     Van Kampen Investments Inc.                                                             Delaware                   1992
         American Capital Contractual Services, Inc.                                         New York                   1957
         Riverview International Inc.                                                        Delaware                   1998
         Van Kampen Advisors Inc.                                                            Delaware                   1974
         Van Kampen Asset  Management Inc.                                                   Delaware                   1936
         Van Kampen Funds Inc.                                                               Delaware                   1974
         Van Kampen Exchange Corp.                                                           California                 1975
         Van Kampen Insurance Agency of Illinois Inc.                                        Illinois                   1996
         Van Kampen Insurance Agency of Texas Inc.                                           Texas                      1996
         Van Kampen Investment Advisory Corp.                                                Delaware                   1982
         Van Kampen Investor Services Inc.                                                   Delaware                   1987
         Van Kampen Management Inc.                                                          Delaware                   1990
         Van Kampen Recordkeeping Services Inc.                                              Delaware                   1997
         Van Kampen System Inc.                                                              Delaware                   1996
         Van Kampen Trust Co.                                                                Texas                      1986
         VKAC Cayman Limited                                                                 Cayman Islands             1995
MSBF Inc.                                                                                    Delaware                   1995
MSCP III Holdings, Inc.                                                                      Delaware                   1994
MSDW Carnoustie LLC                                                                          Delaware                   2000
     MSDW Gleneagles Limited                                                                 Cayman Islands             2000
MSDW Capital Partners IV, Inc.                                                               Delaware                   1998
MSDW Capital Trust I                                                                         Delaware                   1998
MSDW CPIV Holdings, Inc.                                                                     Delaware                   1998
MSDW EFS Holdings Inc.                                                                       Delaware                   2000
     S&Y Limited                                                                             Cayman Islands             2000
MSDW Emerging Equity, Inc.                                                                   Delaware                   2000
MSDW European Real Estate Special Situations II Inc.                                         Delaware                   1999
MSDW Fixed Income Ventures Inc.                                                              Delaware                   2000
     MSDW BondBook Ventures Inc.                                                             Delaware                   2000
MSDW International Employee Services LLC                                                     Delaware                   1998
MSDW Markets Inc.                                                                            Delaware                   2000
MSDW Nederland B.V.                                                                          Netherlands                2000
MSDW Offshore Equity Services Inc.                                                           Delaware                   1998
     JJ&J Investments Limited                                                                Cayman Islands             1999
     MSDW May PERC I Limited                                                                 Cayman Islands             1999
     MSDW Equity Finance Services I (Cayman) Ltd.                                            Cayman Islands             1998
     MSDW Equity Investments Limited                                                         Cayman Islands             1999
     MSDW Offshore Equity Services (Korea) Inc.                                              Delaware                   1999
MSDW-Pioneer GP, Inc.                                                                        Delaware                   2000
MSDW-Pioneer LP, Inc                                                                         Delaware                   2000
MSDW Private Equity, Inc.                                                                    Delaware                   2000
MSDW Strategic Ventures Inc.                                                                 Delaware                   2000
MSDW Structured Asset Corp.                                                                  Delaware                   1998
MSDW Synfuels II, Inc.                                                                       Delaware                   1998
</TABLE>

Page 7 of 8 Pages
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          Jurisdiction of
                                                                                          Incorporation or          Year of Inc. or
                                                                                             Formation                 Formation
                                                                                       ----------------------       ----------------
<S>                                                                                    <C>                          <C>
MSDW Synfuels III, Inc.                                                                      Delaware                   1998
MSDW Venture Partners IV, Inc.                                                               Delaware                   1999
MSDW VP IV Holdings, Inc.                                                                    Delaware                   1999
MSGEM Holdings, Inc.                                                                         Delaware                   2000
MSIT Holdings, Inc.                                                                          Delaware                   1996
     SL Partners MD Side Fund, LLC                                                           Delaware                   1999
MSREF II, Inc.                                                                               Delaware                   1994
     MSREF II, L.L.C.                                                                        Delaware                   1995
MSREF III, Inc.                                                                              Delaware                   1997
MSREF IV, Inc.                                                                               Delaware                   2000
MSREF IV Funding, Inc.                                                                       Delaware                   2000
     MSREF IV Funding Partner, Inc.                                                          Delaware                   2000
MSUH Holdings I, Inc.                                                                        Delaware                   1996
     MSUH Holdings II, Inc.                                                                  Delaware                   1996
         MS SP Urban Horizons, Inc.                                                          Delaware                   1996
         MS Urban Horizons, Inc.                                                             Delaware                   1994
NOVUS Credit Services Inc.                                                                   Delaware                   1960
     Bank of New Castle                                                                      Delaware                   1988
     Discover Brokerage Direct, Inc.                                                         Delaware                   1999
     Discover Card Limited                                                                   Gibraltar                  1992
     Discover Financial Services, Inc.                                                       Delaware                   1985
     Discover Services Corporation                                                           Delaware                   1990
     Discover Bank                                                                           Delaware                   1911
         GTC Insurance Agency, Inc.                                                          Delaware                   1999
            GTC Insurance Agency, Inc. of Alabama                                            Alabama                    1999
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Bank, Inc.                                                   Utah                       1990
         MWF Insurance Agency, Inc.                                                          Delaware                   1999
            MWF Insurance Agency, Inc. of Alabama                                            Alabama                    1999
     Mountain Receivables Corp.                                                              Delaware                   1996
     NCL Investments, Inc.                                                                   Delaware                   1997
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Credit Corporation of Pennsylvania                           Pennsylvania               1967
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Credit Corporation                                           Delaware                   1969
         NOVUS Receivables Financing Inc.                                                    Delaware                   1999
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Credit Corporation of Iowa                                   Iowa                       1977
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Credit Corporation of Minnesota                              Minnesota                  1994
     Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Credit Corporation of Tennessee                              Tennessee                  1975
     NOVUS Financial Corporation of Washington                                               Washington                 1991
     Discover Financial Services (Canada), Inc.                                              Canada                     1985
     SCFC Receivables Corp.                                                                  Delaware                   1989
         Discover Receivables Financing Corporation                                          Delaware                   1989
     SCFC Receivables Financing Corporation                                                  Delaware                   1988
     SPS Transaction Services, Inc.                                                          Delaware                   1991
One Water Corporation                                                                        Massachusetts              1985
Open Road Airways, Inc.                                                                      Delaware                   1998
PG Holdings, Inc.                                                                            Delaware                   1991
PG Holdings III, Inc.                                                                        Delaware                   2000
PG Investors, Inc.                                                                           Delaware                   1991
PG Investors II, Inc.                                                                        Delaware                   1996
PG Investors III, Inc.                                                                       Delaware                   2000
Pierpont Power, Inc.                                                                         New York                   1987
Providence DE Funding Co.                                                                    Delaware                   2000
Providence DE Holdings Co.                                                                   Delaware                   2000
     Providence Cayman Holdings Limited                                                      Cayman Islands             2000
Reynolds Securities Inc.                                                                     Delaware                   1978
Romley Computer Leasing Inc.                                                                 Delaware                   1985
Strategic Investments I, Inc.                                                                Delaware                   1996
     MSDW Equity Investments II Limited                                                      Cayman Islands             2000
Tempo-GP, Inc.                                                                               Delaware                   1986
Tempo-LP, Inc.                                                                               Delaware                   1986
Zephyr (Cayman) Limited                                                                      Cayman Islands             1999
</TABLE>

(i)  Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co. was incorporated in Delaware in 1981.
(ii) "*" indicates that one or more minority shareholders are non-affiliates.

Page 8 of 8 Pages
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>dex231.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.1

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration
Statements of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co. of our reports dated January 12,
2001, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter
& Co. for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2000:

Filed on Form S-3:
     Registration Statement No. 33-57202
     Registration Statement No. 33-60734
     Registration Statement No. 33-89748
     Registration Statement No. 33-92172
     Registration Statement No. 333-07947
     Registration Statement No. 333-22409
     Registration Statement No. 333-27881
     Registration Statement No. 333-27893
     Registration Statement No. 333-27919
     Registration Statement No. 333-46403
     Registration Statement No. 333-46935
     Registration Statement No. 333-76111
     Registration Statement No. 333-75289
     Registration Statement No. 333-34392
     Registration Statement No. 333-47576

Filed on Form S-4:
     Registration Statement No. 333-25003

Filed on Form S-8:
     Registration Statement No. 33-62374
     Registration Statement No. 33-63024
     Registration Statement No. 33-63026
     Registration Statement No. 33-78038
     Registration Statement No. 33-79516
     Registration Statement No. 33-82240
     Registration Statement No. 33-82242
     Registration Statement No. 33-82244
     Registration Statement No. 333-04212
     Registration Statement No. 333-28141
     Registration Statement No. 333-25003
     Registration Statement No. 333-28263
     Registration Statement No. 333-62869
     Registration Statement No. 333-78081
     Registration Statement No. 333-95303



/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP
New York, New York
February 15, 2001
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex99xbrlpilot.htm
<DESCRIPTION>MSDW FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
<TEXT>

<HTML>

<head>
<TITLE>Overview</TITLE>
</head>

<body>
<H2 align="right">EXHIBIT 99 </H2>
<H2 align="center">DISCLAIMER </H2>
<H3><EM>This exhibit contains the following Morgan Stanley Dean Witter &amp; Co.
("MSDW") financial statements disclosed in Part II, Item 8 of MSDW's Annual
Report on Form 10-K (the "Report"): Consolidated Statements of Financial
Condition at November 30, 2000 and November 30, 1999; Consolidated Statements of
Income for Fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998; and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
for Fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998 in a draft form of the eXtensible Business
Reporting Language ("XBRL" and the "XBRL Financial Statements"). </EM></H3>
<H3><EM>The XBRL Financial Statements are provided for DEMONSTRATIVE PURPOSES
ONLY as part of a pilot project and are qualified in their entirety by reference
to MSDW's audited financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of the Report. The
XBRL Financial Statements should not be used for investment purposes.</EM> </H3>

<h2>Overview</h2>
<p>The XBRL Financial Statements are provided in this alternative format as a pilot project
 to provide global business information users with
 a more structured expression of the financial statements.
As more companies provide their financial statements in XBRL,
 it is expected that this will enhance understanding of the contents of such financial statements.<p>

<h2>About XBRL</h2>
<P>The XBRL organization, at present a consortium of about 100 organizations led by the
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants ("AICPA"), is developing XBRL
for the preparation and exchange of business reports and data. The initial goal
of XBRL is to provide an XML-based framework that global business information
users will use to create, exchange, and analyze financial reporting information.
</P>
<P>
The present EDGAR system does not allow the receipt of XBRL unless it is in an altered form.
The XBRL specification requires use of tags that are not permitted in an EDGAR filing.
Therefore, MSDW has embedded all of the required XBRL documents as html comments
and disguised all of the angle brackets. There are instructions below for extracting the XBRL
files from this page for your review and use. </P>
<H3><EM>The intended use of the embedded and altered XBRL is for gaining a
better understanding of XBRL and is not for investment purposes.</EM> </H3>
<H2>MSDW Financial Reporting in XBRL</H2>
<P> Since the AICPA has not yet begun an initiative to create a taxonomy
(a mapping of financial reporting) for the financial services industry, MSDW
has drafted taxonomies for:&nbsp; (1) financial services and (2) MSDW-specific reporting.
MSDW then mapped or associated each reporting line from its financial statements
to one of the 2 associated taxonomy drafts or the US GAAP taxonomy published by the XBRL organization on July 31, 2000.</P>



<h2>MSDW Financial Statements in XBRL</h2>

      <TABLE width="750" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
         <tr>
            <td bgcolor="#336699" width="882" height="17" align="center"><font color="#ffffff" face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-1"><b>
                     						MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER &amp; CO.
                     					</b></font></td>
         </tr>
         <tr>
            <td bgcolor="#336699" width="882" height="17" align="center"><font color="#ffffff" face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-1"><b>
                     								Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition
                     							</b></font></td>
         </tr>
         <tr>
            <td bgcolor="#336699" width="882" height="17" align="center"><font color="#ffffff" face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-1"><b>
                     						(dollars in millions, except share data)
                     							</b></font></td>
         </tr>
      </TABLE>
      <TABLE width="750" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
         <TR>
            <TD bgcolor="#ffffcc">&nbsp; </TD>
            <TD align="right" bgcolor="#ffffcc"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2"><b>
                     										November 30, 2000</b></font></TD>
            <TD align="right" bgcolor="#ffffcc"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2"><b>
                     										November 30, 1999</b></font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Assets</font></td>
            <td colspan="2">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Cash and cash equivalents</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$18,819 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$12,325 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Cash and securities deposited with clearing organizations or segregated under federal and other regulations (including securities
                  at fair value of $41,312 at November 30, 2000 and $6,925 at November 30, 1999)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">48,637 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">9,713 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Financial instruments owned:</font></td>
            <td colspan="2">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;U.S. government and agency securities</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">28,841 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">25,646 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Other sovereign government obligations</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">24,119 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">17,522 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Corporate and other debt</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">33,419 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">30,443 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Corporate equities</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">16,889 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">14,843 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Derivative contracts</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">27,333 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">22,769 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Physical commodities</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">217 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">819 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Securities purchased under agreements to resell</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">50,992 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">70,366 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Receivable for securities provided as collateral</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">3,563 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">9,007 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Securities borrowed</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">105,231 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">85,064 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Receivables:</font></td>
            <td colspan="2">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Consumer loans (net of allowances of $780 at November 30, 2000 and $769  at November 30, 1999)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">21,090 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">20,229 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Customers, net</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">26,015 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">29,299 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Brokers, dealers and clearing organizations</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,257 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">2,252 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Fees, interest and other</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">6,102 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">5,371 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Office facilities, at cost (less accumulated depreciation of $1,934 at November 30, 2000 and $1,667 at November 30, 1999)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">2,685 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">2,204 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Aircraft under operating leases (less accumulated depreciation of $257 at November 30, 2000 and $101 at November 30 , 1999)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">3,927 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,884 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Other assets</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">7,658 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">7,211 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#999999">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Total assets</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$426,794 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$366,967 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td colspan="5">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <tr>
            <td align="center" colspan="5"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.</font></td>
         </tr>
      </TABLE>
      <p>&nbsp;</p>
      <TABLE width="750" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
         <tr>
            <td bgcolor="#336699" width="882" height="17" align="center"><font color="#ffffff" face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-1"><b>
                     						MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER &amp; CO.
                     					</b></font></td>
         </tr>
         <tr>
            <td bgcolor="#336699" width="882" height="17" align="center"><font color="#ffffff" face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-1"><b>
                     								Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition
                     							</b></font></td>
         </tr>
         <tr>
            <td bgcolor="#336699" width="882" height="17" align="center"><font color="#ffffff" face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-1"><b>
                     						(dollars in millions, except share data)
                     							</b></font></td>
         </tr>
      </TABLE>
      <TABLE width="750" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
         <TR>
            <TD bgcolor="#ffffcc">&nbsp; </TD>
            <TD align="right" bgcolor="#ffffcc"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2"><b>
                     										November 30, 2000</b></font></TD>
            <TD align="right" bgcolor="#ffffcc"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2"><b>
                     										November 30, 1999</b></font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity</font></td>
            <td colspan="2">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Commercial paper and other short-term borrowings</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$27,754 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$38,242 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Deposits</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">11,930 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">10,397 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased:</font></td>
            <td colspan="2">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;U.S. government and agency securities</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">13,578 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">12,285 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Other sovereign government obligations</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">6,959 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">7,812 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Corporate and other debt</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">6,772 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">2,322 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Corporate equities</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">15,091 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">15,402 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Derivative contracts</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">27,547 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">23,228 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Physical commodities</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,462 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">919 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Securities sold under agreements to repurchase</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">97,230 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">104,450 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Obligation to return securities received as collateral</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">8,353 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">14,729 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Securities loaned</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">35,211 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">30,080 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Payables: </font></td>
            <td colspan="2">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Customers</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">94,546 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">45,775 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Brokers, dealers and clearing organizations</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">3,072 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,335 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Interest and dividends</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">2,766 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">2,951 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Other liabilities and accrued expenses</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">12,731 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">10,439 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Long-term borrowings</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">42,051 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">28,604 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#cccccc">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2"></font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">407,053 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">348,970 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#cccccc">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Capital Units</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">70 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">583 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#cccccc">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Preferred Securities Issued by Subsidiaries</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">400 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">400 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Commitments and contingencies</font></td>
            <td colspan="2">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Shareholders' equity:</font></td>
            <td colspan="2">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Preferred stock</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">545 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">670 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Common stock (1) ($0.01 par value, 3,500,000,000 shares authorized, 1,211,685,904 and 1,211,685,904 shares issued, 1,107,270,331
                  and 1,104,630,098 shares outstanding at November 30, 2000 and November 30, 1999, respectively)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">12 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">12 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Paid-in capital (1)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">3,377 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">3,836 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Retained earnings</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">20,802 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">16,285 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Employee stock trust</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">3,042 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">2,426 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Cumulative translation adjustments</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(91)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(27)</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#cccccc">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Subtotal</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">27,687 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">23,202 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Note receivable related to ESOP</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(44)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(55)</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Common stock held in treasury, at cost (1) ($0.01 par value, 104,415,573 and 107,055,806 shares at November 30, 2000 and
                  November 30, 1999, respectively)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(6,024)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(4,355)</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Common stock issued to employee trust</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(2,348)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(1,778)</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#cccccc">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Total shareholders' equity</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">19,271 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">17,014 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#999999">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Total liabilites and shareholders' equity</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$426,794 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$366,967 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td colspan="5"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(1)  Amounts have been retroactively adjusted to give effect for a two-for-one common stock split, effected in  the form of
                  a 100% stock dividend, which became effective on January 26, 2000.</font></td>
         </tr>
         <tr>
            <td colspan="5">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <tr>
            <td align="center" colspan="5"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.</font></td>
         </tr>
      </TABLE>
      <p>&nbsp;</p>
      <TABLE width="750" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
         <tr>
            <td bgcolor="#336699" width="882" height="17" align="center"><font color="#ffffff" face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-1"><b>
                     						MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER &amp; CO.
                     					</b></font></td>
         </tr>
         <tr>
            <td bgcolor="#336699" width="882" height="17" align="center"><font color="#ffffff" face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-1"><b>
                     						Consolidated Statements of Income
                     							</b></font></td>
         </tr>
         <tr>
            <td bgcolor="#336699" width="882" height="17" align="center"><font color="#ffffff" face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-1"><b>
                     						(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
                     							</b></font></td>
         </tr>
      </TABLE>
      <TABLE width="750" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
         <tr>
            <td height="14" bgcolor="#ffffcc">&nbsp;</td>
            <td align="CENTER" border="1" height="14" bgcolor="#ffffcc" colspan="3"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2"><b>Fiscal Year</b></font></td>
         </tr>
         <TR>
            <TD bgcolor="#ffffcc">&nbsp; </TD>
            <TD align="right" bgcolor="#ffffcc"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2"><b>2000</b></font></TD>
            <TD align="right" bgcolor="#ffffcc"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2"><b>1999</b></font></TD>
            <TD align="right" bgcolor="#ffffcc"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2"><b>1998</b></font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Revenues:</font></td>
            <td colspan="3">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Investment banking</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$5,008 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$4,523 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$3,340 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Principal transactions:</font></td>
            <td colspan="3">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Trading</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">7,393 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">5,830 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">3,159 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Investments</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">193 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">725 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">89 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Commissions</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">3,645 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">2,774 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">2,208 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Fees:</font></td>
            <td colspan="3">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Asset management, distribution and administration</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">4,219 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">3,324 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">3,003 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Merchant and cardmember</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,780 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,492 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,647 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Servicing</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,450 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,194 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">928 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Interest and dividends</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">21,234 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">14,880 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">16,386 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Other</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">491 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">248 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">282 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#cccccc">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Total revenues</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">45,413 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">34,990 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">31,042 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Interest expense</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">18,176 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">12,515 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">13,464 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Provision for consumer loan losses</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">810 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">529 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,173 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#cccccc">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Net revenues</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">26,427 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">21,946 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">16,405 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Non-interest expenses:</font></td>
            <td colspan="3">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Compensation and benefits</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">10,936 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">8,398 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">6,636 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Occupancy and equipment</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">772 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">643 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">583 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Brokerage, clearing and exchange fees</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">519 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">485 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">552 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Information processing and communications</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,556 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,325 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,140 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Marketing and business development</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">2,058 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,679 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,411 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Professional services</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,037 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">836 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">677 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Other</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,058 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">852 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">706 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#cccccc">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Total non-interest expenses</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">17,936 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">14,218 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">11,705 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Gain on sales of businesses</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">35 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">0 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">685 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#cccccc">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Income before income taxes and cumulative effect of accounting change</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">8,526 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">7,728 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">5,385 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Provision for income taxes</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">3,070 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">2,937 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,992 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#cccccc">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Income before cumulative effect of accounting change</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">5,456 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">4,791 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">3,393 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Cumulative effect of accounting change</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">0 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">0 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(117)</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#999999">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Net income</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$5,456 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$4,791 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$3,276 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#999999">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Preferred stock dividend requirements</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$36 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$44 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$55 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#999999">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Earnings applicable to common shares(1)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$5,420 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$4,747 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$3,221 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Earnings per common share (2):</font></td>
            <td colspan="3">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Basic before cumulative effect of accounting change</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$4.95 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$4.33 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$2.90 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Cumulative effect of accounting change</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$0.00 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$0.00 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$(0.10)</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#999999">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Basic</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$4.95 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$4.33 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$2.80 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Diluted before cumulative effect of accounting change</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$4.73 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$4.10 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$2.76 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Cumulative effect of accounting change</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$0.00 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$0.00 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$(0.09)</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#999999">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Diluted</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$4.73 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$4.10 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$2.67 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Average common shares outstanding (2):</font></td>
            <td colspan="3">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <TR bgcolor="#999999">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Basic  </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,095,858,438</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,096,789,720</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,151,645,450</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#999999">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Diluted</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,145,011,515</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,159,500,670</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,212,588,130</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td colspan="6"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(1) Amounts shown are used to calculate basic earnings per common share.</font></td>
         </tr>
         <tr>
            <td colspan="6"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(2) Amounts have been retroactively adjusted to give effect for a two-for-one common stock split, effected in the form of
                  a 100% stock dividend, which became effective on January 26, 2000.</font></td>
         </tr>
         <tr>
            <td colspan="6">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <tr>
            <td align="center" colspan="6"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.</font></td>
         </tr>
      </TABLE>
      <p>&nbsp;</p>
      <TABLE width="750" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
         <tr>
            <td bgcolor="#336699" width="882" height="17" align="center"><font color="#ffffff" face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-1"><b>
                     						MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER &amp; CO.
                     					</b></font></td>
         </tr>
         <tr>
            <td bgcolor="#336699" width="882" height="17" align="center"><font color="#ffffff" face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-1"><b>
                     						Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                     							</b></font></td>
         </tr>
         <tr>
            <td bgcolor="#336699" width="882" height="17" align="center"><font color="#ffffff" face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-1"><b>
                     						(dollars in millions)
                     							</b></font></td>
         </tr>
      </TABLE>
      <TABLE width="750" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
         <tr>
            <td height="14" bgcolor="#ffffcc">&nbsp;</td>
            <td align="CENTER" border="1" height="14" bgcolor="#ffffcc" colspan="3"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2"><b>Fiscal Year</b></font></td>
         </tr>
         <TR>
            <TD bgcolor="#ffffcc">&nbsp; </TD>
            <TD align="right" bgcolor="#ffffcc"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2"><b>2000</b></font></TD>
            <TD align="right" bgcolor="#ffffcc"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2"><b>1999</b></font></TD>
            <TD align="right" bgcolor="#ffffcc"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2"><b>1998</b></font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES</font></td>
            <td colspan="3">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Net income</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$5,456 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$4,791 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$3,276 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used for) provided by operating activities:</font></td>
            <td colspan="3">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Non-cash charges (credits) included in net income:  </font></td>
            <td colspan="3">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Cumulative effect of accounting change</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">0 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">0 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">117 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Gain on sale of businesses</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(35)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">0 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(685)</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Deferred income taxes</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(219)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(160)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(55)</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Compensation payable in common or preferred stock</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">908 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">735 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">408 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Depreciation and amortization</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">727 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">541 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">575 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Provision for consumer loan losses</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">810 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">529 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,173 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Changes in assets and liabilities:</font></td>
            <td colspan="3">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Cash and securities deposited with clearing organizations or segregated under federal and other regulations</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(38,924)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">839 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(3,641)</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Financial instruments owned, net of financial instruments sold, not yet purchased</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(10,524)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(22,081)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">11,127 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Securities borrowed, net of securities loaned</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(15,036)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(8,798)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(5,061)</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Receivables and other assets</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">2,077 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(11,276)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">2,114 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Payables and other liabilities</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">52,376 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">5,656 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">6,081 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#cccccc">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Net cash (used for) provided by operating activities</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(2,384)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(29,224)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">15,429 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES</font></td>
            <td colspan="3">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Net (payments for) proceeds from:</font></td>
            <td colspan="3">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Office facilities</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(836)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(656)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(358)</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Sale of businesses, net of disposal costs</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">0 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">0 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,399 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Purchase of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, S.V., S.A., net of cash acquired</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">0 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(223)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">0 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Purchase of Ansett Worldwide, net of cash acquired </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(199)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">0 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">0 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Net principal disbursed on consumer loans</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(11,410)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(8,769)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(2,314)</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Sales of consumer loans</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">9,760 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">2,997 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">4,466 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#cccccc">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Net cash (used for) provided by investing activities</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(2,685)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(6,651)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">3,193 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES</font></td>
            <td colspan="3">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Net (payments for) proceeds from short-term borrowings</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(10,563)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">9,994 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">5,620 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Securities sold under agreements to repurchase, net of securities purchased under agreements to resell</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">12,154 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">21,327 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(14,407)</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Net proceeds from (payments for):</font></td>
            <td colspan="3">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Deposits</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">1,533 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">2,200 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(796)</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Issuance of common stock</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">338 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">223 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">126 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Issuance of put options</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">42 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">9 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">0 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Issuance of long-term borrowings</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">22,475 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">7,552 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">9,771 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Issuance of Preferred Securities Issued by Subsidiaries</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">0 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">0 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">400 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;Payments for:</font></td>
            <td colspan="3">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Repayments of long-term borrowings</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(9,351)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(6,618)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(7,069)</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Redemption of cumulative preferred stock</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">0 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">0 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(200)</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Redemption of Capital Units</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(513)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(416)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">0 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Repurchases of common stock</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(3,628)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(2,374)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(2,925)</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Cash dividends</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(924)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(575)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(519)</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#cccccc">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">11,563 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">31,322 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(9,999)</font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR>
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">6,494 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">(4,553)</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">8,623 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#cccccc">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of period </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">12,325 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">16,878 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">8,255 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <TR bgcolor="#999999">
            <TD><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">Cash and cash equivalents, at end of period</font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$18,819 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$12,325 </font></TD>
            <TD align="right" valign="bottom"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">$16,878 </font></TD>
         </TR>
         <tr>
            <td colspan="6">&nbsp;</td>
         </tr>
         <tr>
            <td align="center" colspan="6"><font face="Verdana, sans-serif" size="-2">See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.</font></td>
         </tr>
      </TABLE>

<h2>Download Instructions</h2>
<P>If you would like to access the XBRL Financial Statements that are embedded
as altered XBRL inside the html comments in this document, please follow these
instructions:&nbsp;</P>

  <p>1.  View the source document from your web browser.</p>
  <p>2.  Save the&nbsp;3 html comments&nbsp;containing content at the bottom of
  the&nbsp;source file into 3 separate files, each using the name shown in the
  source document.</p>
  <p>3.  In each of the 3 documents that you save, do a global search and replace
  to change the disguised angle brackets (~lt~ and ~gt~) to angle brackets (&lt; and &gt;).</p>
  <p>4.  Contact the XBRL organization to download the US GAAP commercial and industrial taxonomy published on July 31, 2000.  </p>
  <p>5.  Edit the schema location string in each document to point to the locations.</p>
  <p>6.  You can then view these documents in an XBRL or XML document viewer.&nbsp;</p>
  <p>7.  Please send comments to xbrlpilot10k@ms.com.</p>



<!-- instance -->

<!--

~lt~group xmlns="http://www.xbrl.org/core/2000-07-31/instance" xmlns:ISO4217="http://www.iso.org/4217" xmlns:ci="http://www.xbrl.org/us/gaap/ci/2000-07-31" xmlns:fs="http://www.msdw.com/xbrl/financialservices/draft1" xmlns:mwd="http://www.
msdw.com/xbrl/draft1" schemaLocation="" entity="Exchange Identifier" unit="ISO4217:USD" scaleFactor="6" precision="18" decimalPattern="#.#" formatName=""~gt~~lt~item xmlns="" type="ci:identifiers.entityName"~gt~~lt~/item~gt~~lt~group xmlns=""
type="ci:balanceSheet.assets"~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:assets.cashAndCashEquivalents'])"~gt~Cash and cash equivalents~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:assets.cashAndSecur
itiesDepositedWithClearingOrganizationsOrSegregatedUnderFederalAndOtherRegulations'])"~gt~Cash and securities deposited with clearing organizations or segregated under federal and other regulations (including securities at fair value of $41,312 at
November 30, 2000 and $6,925 at November 30, 1999)~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:cashAndSecuritiesDepositedWithClearingOrganizationsOrSegregatedUnderFederalAndOtherRegulations.securitiesAtFairValue'])"~gt~Securities
at fair value~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:financialInstrumentsOwned.uSGovernmentAndAgencySecurities'])"~gt~  U.S. government and agency securities~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(
//item[@type='fs:financialInstrumentsOwned.otherSovereignGovernmentObligations'])"~gt~  Other sovereign government obligations~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:financialInstrumentsOwned.corporateAndOtherDebt'])"~gt~
Corporate and other debt~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:financialInstrumentsOwned.corporateEquities'])"~gt~  Corporate equities~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:finan
cialInstrumentsOwned.derivativeContracts'])"~gt~  Derivative contracts~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:financialInstrumentsOwned.physicalCommodities'])"~gt~  Physical commodities~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en"
href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:assets.securitiesPurchasedUnderAgreementsToResell'])"~gt~Securities purchased under agreements to resell~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:assets.receivableForSecuritiesProv
idedAsCollateral'])"~gt~Receivable for securities provided as collateral~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:assets.securitiesBorrowed'])"~gt~Securities borrowed~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xp
ointer(//item[@type='fs:receivables.consumerLoansNetOfAllowances'])"~gt~  Consumer loans (net of allowances of $780 at November 30, 2000 and $769  at November 30, 1999)~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:re
ceivables.customersNet'])"~gt~  Customers, net~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:receivables.brokersDealersAndClearingOrganizations'])"~gt~  Brokers, dealers and clearing organizations~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label
xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:receivables.feesInterestAndOther'])"~gt~  Fees, interest and other~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:assets.officeFacilitiesAtCostLessAccumulatedDepreciationAn
dAmortization'])"~gt~Office facilities, at cost (less accumulated depreciation of $1,934 at November 30, 2000 and $1,667 at November 30, 1999)~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:officeFacilitiesAtCostLessAc
cumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization.lessAccumulatedDepreciation'])"~gt~  less accumulated depreciation~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='mwd:assets.aircraftUnderOperatingLeases'])"~gt~Aircraft under operating leases (less
accumulated depreciation of $257 at November 30, 2000 and $101 at November 30 , 1999)~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='mwd:aircraftUnderOperatingLeases.lessAccumulatedDepreciation'])"~gt~  less accumulated d
epreciation~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:assets.otherAssets'])"~gt~Other assets~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:balanceSheet.assets'])"~gt~Total assets~lt~/label~gt~~lt~group
period="20001130"~gt~~lt~item type="fs:assets.cashAndCashEquivalents" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~18819~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:assets.cashAndSecuritiesDepositedWithClearingOrganizationsOrSegregatedUnderFederal
AndOtherRegulations" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~48637~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:cashAndSecuritiesDepositedWithClearingOrganizationsOrSegregatedUnderFederalAndOtherRegulations.securitiesAtFairValue" scaleFactor="6"
decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~41312~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsOwned.uSGovernmentAndAgencySecurities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~28841~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsOwn
ed.otherSovereignGovernmentObligations" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~24119~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsOwned.corporateAndOtherDebt" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~33419~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="fs:financialInstrumentsOwned.corporateEquities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~16889~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsOwned.derivativeContracts" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~2
7333~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsOwned.physicalCommodities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~217~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:assets.securitiesPurchasedUnderAgreementsToResell" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,###
;(#,###)"~gt~50992~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:assets.receivableForSecuritiesProvidedAsCollateral" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~3563~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:assets.securitiesBorrowed" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~105231~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:receivables.consumerLoansNetOfAllowances" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~21090~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:receivables.customersNet" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~26015~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:receivables.brokersDealersAndClearingOrganizations" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1257~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:receivables.feesInterestAndOther" scaleFactor="6" deci
malPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~6102~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:assets.officeFacilitiesAtCostLessAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~2685~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:officeFacilitie
sAtCostLessAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization.lessAccumulatedDepreciation" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1934~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:assets.aircraftUnderOperatingLeases" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~3927~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:aircraftUnderOperatingLeases.lessAccumulatedDepreciation" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~257~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:assets.otherAssets" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~7658~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:balanceSheet.assets" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~426794~lt~/item~gt~~lt~/group~gt~~lt~group period="19991130"~gt~~lt~item type="fs:assets.cashAndCashEquivalents" scaleFactor="6"
decimalPattern="$#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~12325~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:assets.cashAndSecuritiesDepositedWithClearingOrganizationsOrSegregatedUnderFederalAndOtherRegulations" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~9713~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="fs:cashAndSecuritiesDepositedWithClearingOrganizationsOrSegregatedUnderFederalAndOtherRegulations.securitiesAtFairValue" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~6925~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsOwned.u
SGovernmentAndAgencySecurities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~25646~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsOwned.otherSovereignGovernmentObligations" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~17522~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsOwned.corporateAndOtherDebt" scaleFactor="6" deci
malPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~30443~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsOwned.corporateEquities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~14843~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsOwned.derivativeContracts"
scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~22769~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsOwned.physicalCommodities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~819~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:assets.securitiesPurc
hasedUnderAgreementsToResell" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~70366~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:assets.receivableForSecuritiesProvidedAsCollateral" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~9007~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="fs:assets.securitiesBorrowed" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~85064~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:receivables.consumerLoansNetOfAllowances" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~20229~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="fs:receivables.customersNet" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~29299~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:receivables.brokersDealersAndClearingOrganizations" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~2252~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="fs:receivables.feesInterestAndOther" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~5371~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:assets.officeFacilitiesAtCostLessAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~2204~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:officeFacilitiesAtCostLessAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization.lessAccumulatedDepreciation" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1667~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:assets.aircr
aftUnderOperatingLeases" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1884~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:aircraftUnderOperatingLeases.lessAccumulatedDepreciation" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~101~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="fs:assets.otherAssets" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~7211~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:balanceSheet.assets" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~366967~lt~/item~gt~~lt~/group~gt~~lt~/group~gt~~lt~group xmlns=""
type="ci:balanceSheet.liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity"~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:liabilities.commercialPaperAndOtherShortTermBorrowings'])"~gt~Commercial paper and other short-term borrowings~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label
xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:liabilities.deposits'])"~gt~Deposits~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.uSGovernmentAndAgencySecurities'])"~gt~  U.S. government and
agency securities~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.otherSovereignGovernmentObligations'])"~gt~  Other sovereign government obligations~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en"
href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.corporateAndOtherDebt'])"~gt~  Corporate and other debt~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.cor
porateEquities'])"~gt~  Corporate equities~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.derivativeContracts'])"~gt~  Derivative contracts~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" h
ref="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.physicalCommodities'])"~gt~  Physical commodities~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:liabilities.securitiesSoldUnderAgreementsToRepurch
ase'])"~gt~Securities sold under agreements to repurchase~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:liabilities.obligationToReturnSecuritiesReceivedAsCollateral'])"~gt~Obligation to return securities received as c
ollateral~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:liabilities.securitiesLoaned'])"~gt~Securities loaned~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:payables.customers'])"~gt~  Customers~
lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:payables.brokersDealersAndClearingOrganizations'])"~gt~  Brokers, dealers and clearing organizations~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:p
ayables.interestAndDividends'])"~gt~  Interest and dividends~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:liabilities.otherLiabilitiesAndAccruedExpenses'])"~gt~Other liabilities and accrued expenses~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label
xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:liabilities.longTermBorrowings'])"~gt~Long-term borrowings~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.liabilities'])"~gt~   ~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label
xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.capitalUnits'])"~gt~Capital Units~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.preferredSecuritiesIssued
BySubsidiaries'])"~gt~Preferred Securities Issued by Subsidiaries~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:stockholdersEquity.preferredStock'])"~gt~  Preferred stock~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpo
inter(//item[@type='ci:descriptiveInfoCommonStock.sharesAuthorized'])"~gt~Shares authorized~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:descriptiveInfoCommonStock.sharesIssued'])"~gt~Shares issued~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label
xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:descriptiveInfoCommonStock.sharesOutstanding'])"~gt~Shares outstanding~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:stockholdersEquity.commonStock'])"~gt~  Common stock (1) ($0.01 par
value, 3,500,000,000 shares authorized, 1,211,685,904 and 1,211,685,904 shares issued, 1,107,270,331 and 1,104,630,098 shares outstanding at November 30, 2000 and November 30, 1999, respectively)~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="x
pointer(//item[@type='ci:stockholdersEquity.additionalPaidInCapital'])"~gt~  Paid-in capital (1)~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:stockholdersEquity.retainedEarnings'])"~gt~  Retained earnings~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label
xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='mwd:stockholdersEquity.employeeStockTrust'])"~gt~  Employee stock trust~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:accumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncome.cumulativeTranslatio
nAdjustment'])"~gt~  Cumulative translation adjustments~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='mwd:stockholdersEquity.Subtotal'])"~gt~    Subtotal~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='
mwd:stockholdersEquity.noteReceivableRelatedToEsop'])"~gt~  Note receivable related to ESOP~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:stockholdersEquity.treasuryStock'])"~gt~  Common stock held in treasury, at cost (1) ($0.01
par value, 104,415,573 and 107,055,806 shares at November 30, 2000 and November 30, 1999, respectively)~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:treasuryStock.sharesRepurchased'])"~gt~Shares~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en"
href="xpointer(//item[@type='mwd:stockholdersEquity.commonStockIssuedToEmployeeTrust'])"~gt~  Common stock issued to employee trust~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.stockh
oldersEquity'])"~gt~    Total shareholders' equity~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:balanceSheet.liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'])"~gt~  Total liabilites and shareholders' equity~lt~/label~gt~~lt~group
period="20001130"~gt~~lt~item type="fs:liabilities.commercialPaperAndOtherShortTermBorrowings" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;$(#,###)"~gt~27754~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:liabilities.deposits" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~11930~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.uSGovernmen
tAndAgencySecurities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~13578~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.otherSovereignGovernmentObligations" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~695
9~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.corporateAndOtherDebt" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~6772~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.corporateEquities" scaleFactor="6"
decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~15091~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.derivativeContracts" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~27547~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsS
oldNotYetPurchased.physicalCommodities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1462~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:liabilities.securitiesSoldUnderAgreementsToRepurchase" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~97230~lt
~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:liabilities.obligationToReturnSecuritiesReceivedAsCollateral" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~8353~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:liabilities.securitiesLoaned" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~35211~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:payables.customers" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~94546~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:payables.brokersDealersAndClearingOrganizations" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~3072~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:payables.interestAndDividends" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~2766~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:liabilities.otherLiabilitiesAndAccruedExpenses" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~12731~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:liabilities.longTermBorrowings" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~42051~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.liabilities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~407053~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.capitalUnits" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~70~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.preferredSecuritiesIssuedBySubsidiaries"
scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~400~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:stockholdersEquity.preferredStock" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~545~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:descriptiveInfoCommonStock.sharesAuthorized"
scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~3500000000~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:descriptiveInfoCommonStock.sharesIssued" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1211685904~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:descriptiveInfo
CommonStock.sharesOutstanding" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1107270331~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:stockholdersEquity.commonStock" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~12~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:s
tockholdersEquity.additionalPaidInCapital" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~3377~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:stockholdersEquity.retainedEarnings" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~20802~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="mwd:stockholdersEquity.employeeStockTrust" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~3042~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:accumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncome.cumulativeTranslationAdjustment" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~-91~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:stockholdersEquity.Subtotal" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~27687~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:stockholdersEquity.noteReceivableRelatedToEsop" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~-44~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:stockholdersEquity.treasuryStock" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-6024~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:treasuryStock.sharesRepurchased" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(
#,###)"~gt~104415573~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:stockholdersEquity.commonStockIssuedToEmployeeTrust" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-2348~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.stockholdersEquity"
scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~19271~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:balanceSheet.liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;$(#,###)"~gt~426794~lt~/item~gt~~lt~/group~gt~~lt~group period="19
991130"~gt~~lt~item type="fs:liabilities.commercialPaperAndOtherShortTermBorrowings" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;$(#,###)"~gt~38242~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:liabilities.deposits" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,##
#)"~gt~10397~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.uSGovernmentAndAgencySecurities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~12285~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchas
ed.otherSovereignGovernmentObligations" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~7812~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.corporateAndOtherDebt" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~
2322~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.corporateEquities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~15402~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.derivativeContracts"
scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~23228~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.physicalCommodities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~919~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:liabili
ties.securitiesSoldUnderAgreementsToRepurchase" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~104450~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:liabilities.obligationToReturnSecuritiesReceivedAsCollateral" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,
###)"~gt~14729~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:liabilities.securitiesLoaned" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~30080~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:payables.customers" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~45775~l
t~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:payables.brokersDealersAndClearingOrganizations" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1335~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:payables.interestAndDividends" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###
)"~gt~2951~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:liabilities.otherLiabilitiesAndAccruedExpenses" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~10439~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:liabilities.longTermBorrowings" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~28604~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.liabilities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~348970~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.capitalUnits" scaleFactor="6"
decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~583~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.preferredSecuritiesIssuedBySubsidiaries" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~400~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:stockholders
Equity.preferredStock" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~670~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:descriptiveInfoCommonStock.sharesAuthorized" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~3500000000~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type
="ci:descriptiveInfoCommonStock.sharesIssued" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1211685904~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:descriptiveInfoCommonStock.sharesOutstanding" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~11046
30098~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:stockholdersEquity.commonStock" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~12~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:stockholdersEquity.additionalPaidInCapital" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,##
#)"~gt~3836~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:stockholdersEquity.retainedEarnings" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~16285~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:stockholdersEquity.employeeStockTrust" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~2426~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:accumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncome.cumulativeTranslationAdjustment" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~-27~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:stockholdersEquity.Subtotal" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~23202~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:stockholdersEquity.noteReceivableRelatedToEsop" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~-55~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:stockholdersEquity.treasuryStock" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-4355~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:treasuryStock.sharesRepurchased" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(
#,###)"~gt~107055806~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:stockholdersEquity.commonStockIssuedToEmployeeTrust" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-1778~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.stockholdersEquity"
scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~17014~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:balanceSheet.liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;$(#,###)"~gt~366967~lt~/item~gt~~lt~/group~gt~~lt~/group~gt~~lt~group xmlns=""
type="ci:statements.incomeStatement"~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:totalRevenues.investmentBanking'])"~gt~  Investment banking~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:principalTransa
ctions.trading'])"~gt~    Trading~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:principalTransactions.investments'])"~gt~    Investments~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:totalRevenu
es.commissions'])"~gt~  Commissions~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:fees.assetManagementDistributionAndAdministration'])"~gt~    Asset management, distribution and administration~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en"
href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:fees.merchantAndCardmember'])"~gt~    Merchant and cardmember~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:fees.servicing'])"~gt~    Servicing~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href
="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:totalRevenues.interestAndDividends'])"~gt~  Interest and dividends~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:totalRevenues.other'])"~gt~  Other~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href
="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:netRevenues.totalRevenues'])"~gt~    Total revenues~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:netRevenues.interestExpense'])"~gt~  Interest expense~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en"
href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:netRevenues.provisionForConsumerLoanLosses'])"~gt~  Provision for consumer loan losses~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems.ne
tRevenues'])"~gt~    Net revenues~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.compensationAndBenefits'])"~gt~  Compensation and benefits~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(/
/item[@type='fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.occupancyAndEquipment'])"~gt~  Occupancy and equipment~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.brokerageClearingAndExchangeFees'])"~gt~  Brokerage, clearing and
exchange fees~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.informationProcessingAndCommunications'])"~gt~  Information processing and communications~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href=
"xpointer(//item[@type='fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.marketingAndBusinessDevelopment'])"~gt~  Marketing and business development~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.professionalServices'])"~gt~
Professional services~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.other'])"~gt~  Other~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExt
raordinaryItems.totalNonInterestExpenses'])"~gt~    Total non-interest expenses~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:nonOperatingIncomeExpense.gainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'])"~gt~Gain on sales of businesses~
lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:incomeFromContinuingOperations.incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems'])"~gt~Income before income taxes and cumulative effect of accounting change~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label
xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:incomeFromContinuingOperations.incomeTaxes'])"~gt~Provision for income taxes~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:netIncome.netIncomeBeforeAcctingChanges'])"~gt~Income before
cumulative effect of accounting change~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:netIncome.cumEffectChangeAccountingPrinciple'])"~gt~Cumulative effect of accounting change~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href
="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:netIncomeAvailableToCommon.netIncome'])"~gt~Net income~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:netIncomeAvailableToCommon.preferredDividends'])"~gt~Preferred stock dividend requiremen
ts~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:incomeStatement.netIncomeAvailableToCommon'])"~gt~Earnings applicable to common shares(1)~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:basicEarn
ingsPerShare.basicEarningsPerShareContinuingOperations'])"~gt~  Basic before cumulative effect of accounting change~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:basicEarningsPerShare.cumulativeEffectChangeInAcctingPr
inciplePerBasicShare'])"~gt~  Cumulative effect of accounting change~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:earningsPerShare.basicEarningsPerShare'])"~gt~  Basic~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpoin
ter(//item[@type='ci:dilutedEarningsPerShare.dilutedEarningsPerShareContinuingOperations'])"~gt~  Diluted before cumulative effect of accounting change~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:dilutedEarningsPerS
hare.cumulativeEffectChangeInAcctingPrinciplePerDilutedShare'])"~gt~  Cumulative effect of accounting change~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:earningsPerShare.dilutedEarningsPerShare'])"~gt~  Diluted~lt~/
label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:dilutedWeightedAverageShares.basicWeightedAverageShares'])"~gt~  Basic  ~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:weightedAverageSharesOutstanding.
dilutedWeightedAverageShares'])"~gt~  Diluted~lt~/label~gt~~lt~group period="P1Y/20001130"~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalRevenues.investmentBanking" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~5008~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:principa
lTransactions.trading" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~7393~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:principalTransactions.investments" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~193~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalRevenues.commissions"
scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~3645~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:fees.assetManagementDistributionAndAdministration" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~4219~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:fees.merchantAndCardmember"
scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1780~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:fees.servicing" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1450~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalRevenues.interestAndDividends" scaleFactor="6"
decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~21234~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalRevenues.other" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~491~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:netRevenues.totalRevenues" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~45413~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:netRevenues.interestExpense" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~18176~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:netRevenues.
provisionForConsumerLoanLosses" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~810~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems.netRevenues" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~26427~lt
~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.compensationAndBenefits" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~10936~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.occupancyAndEquipment" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~772~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.brokerageClearingAndExchangeFees" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~519~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.informationProcessingAndCommunications"
scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1556~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.marketingAndBusinessDevelopment" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~2058~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalNonIn
terestExpenses.professionalServices" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1037~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.other" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1058~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs
:incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems.totalNonInterestExpenses" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~17936~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:nonOperatingIncomeExpense.gainLossOnDispositionOfAssets" scaleFactor="6" dec
imalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~35~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:incomeFromContinuingOperations.incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~8526~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:incomeF
romContinuingOperations.incomeTaxes" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~3070~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:netIncome.netIncomeBeforeAcctingChanges" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~5456~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="ci:netIncome.cumEffectChangeAccountingPrinciple" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:netIncomeAvailableToCommon.netIncome" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~5456~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="ci:netIncomeAvailableToCommon.preferredDividends" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~36~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:incomeStatement.netIncomeAvailableToCommon" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~542
0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:basicEarningsPerShare.basicEarningsPerShareContinuingOperations" scaleFactor="1" decimalPattern="$#,##0.00 ;$(#,##0.00)"~gt~4.95~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:basicEarningsPerShare.cumulativeEffectChangeInAcc
tingPrinciplePerBasicShare" scaleFactor="1" decimalPattern="$#,##0.00 ;$(#,##0.00)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:earningsPerShare.basicEarningsPerShare" scaleFactor="1" decimalPattern="$#,##0.00 ;$(#,##0.00)"~gt~4.95~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="ci:dilutedEarningsPerShare.dilutedEarningsPerShareContinuingOperations" scaleFactor="1" decimalPattern="$#,##0.00 ;$(#,##0.00)"~gt~4.73~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:dilutedEarningsPerShare.cumulativeEffectChangeInAcctingPrinciplePerDilutedShare"
scaleFactor="1" decimalPattern="$#,##0.00 ;$(#,##0.00)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:earningsPerShare.dilutedEarningsPerShare" scaleFactor="1" decimalPattern="$#,##0.00 ;$(#,##0.00)"~gt~4.73~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:dilutedWeight
edAverageShares.basicWeightedAverageShares" scaleFactor="1" decimalPattern="#,###"~gt~1095858438~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:weightedAverageSharesOutstanding.dilutedWeightedAverageShares" scaleFactor="1" decimalPattern="#,###"~gt~11450115
15~lt~/item~gt~~lt~/group~gt~~lt~group period="P1Y/19991130"~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalRevenues.investmentBanking" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~4523~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:principalTransactions.trading" scaleFactor="6"
decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~5830~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:principalTransactions.investments" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~725~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalRevenues.commissions" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~2774~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:fees.assetManagementDistributionAndAdministration" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~3324~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:fees.merchantAndCardmember" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~1492~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:fees.servicing" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1194~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalRevenues.interestAndDividends" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1488
0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalRevenues.other" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~248~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:netRevenues.totalRevenues" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~34990~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="fs:netRevenues.interestExpense" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~12515~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:netRevenues.provisionForConsumerLoanLosses" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~529~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="fs:incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems.netRevenues" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~21946~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.compensationAndBenefits" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~8398~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.occupancyAndEquipment" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~643~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.brokerageClearingAndExchangeFees" scaleFactor="6"
decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~485~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.informationProcessingAndCommunications" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1325~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalNonInterestExpe
nses.marketingAndBusinessDevelopment" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1679~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.professionalServices" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~836~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.other" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~852~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems.totalNonInterestExpenses" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~14218~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:nonOperatingIncomeExpense.gainLossOnDispositionOfAssets" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:incomeFromContinuingOperations.incomeBeforeTaxesAcct
ingChangesExtraordinaryItems" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~7728~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:incomeFromContinuingOperations.incomeTaxes" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~2937~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item typ
e="ci:netIncome.netIncomeBeforeAcctingChanges" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~4791~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:netIncome.cumEffectChangeAccountingPrinciple" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="ci:netIncomeAvailableToCommon.netIncome" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~4791~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:netIncomeAvailableToCommon.preferredDividends" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~44~lt~/
item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:incomeStatement.netIncomeAvailableToCommon" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~4747~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:basicEarningsPerShare.basicEarningsPerShareContinuingOperations" scaleFactor="1" de
cimalPattern="$#,##0.00 ;$(#,##0.00)"~gt~4.33~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:basicEarningsPerShare.cumulativeEffectChangeInAcctingPrinciplePerBasicShare" scaleFactor="1" decimalPattern="$#,##0.00 ;$(#,##0.00)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type=
"ci:earningsPerShare.basicEarningsPerShare" scaleFactor="1" decimalPattern="$#,##0.00 ;$(#,##0.00)"~gt~4.33~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:dilutedEarningsPerShare.dilutedEarningsPerShareContinuingOperations" scaleFactor="1" decimalPattern="$#,##0.00 ;
$(#,##0.00)"~gt~4.1~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:dilutedEarningsPerShare.cumulativeEffectChangeInAcctingPrinciplePerDilutedShare" scaleFactor="1" decimalPattern="$#,##0.00 ;$(#,##0.00)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:earningsPerShare.dilutedEarningsPerShare" scaleFactor="1" decimalPattern="$#,##0.00 ;$(#,##0.00)"~gt~4.1~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="ci:dilutedWeightedAverageShares.basicWeightedAverageShares" scaleFactor="1" decimalPattern="#,###"~gt~1096789720~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:weightedAverageSharesOutstanding.dilutedWeightedAverageShares" scaleFactor="1" decimalPatte
rn="#,###"~gt~1159500670~lt~/item~gt~~lt~/group~gt~~lt~group period="P1Y/19981130"~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalRevenues.investmentBanking" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~3340~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:principalTransactions.trading"
scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~3159~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:principalTransactions.investments" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~89~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalRevenues.commissions" scaleFactor="6"
decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~2208~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:fees.assetManagementDistributionAndAdministration" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~3003~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:fees.merchantAndCardmember" scaleFactor="6"
decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1647~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:fees.servicing" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~928~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalRevenues.interestAndDividends" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~16386~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalRevenues.other" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~282~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:netRevenues.totalRevenues" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~31042~lt
~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:netRevenues.interestExpense" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~13464~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:netRevenues.provisionForConsumerLoanLosses" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1
173~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems.netRevenues" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~16405~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.compensationAndBenefits" scaleFactor="6"
decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~6636~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.occupancyAndEquipment" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~583~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.brokerageCle
aringAndExchangeFees" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~552~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.informationProcessingAndCommunications" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1140~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.marketingAndBusinessDevelopment" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1411~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.professionalServices" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(
#,###)"~gt~677~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:totalNonInterestExpenses.other" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~706~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems.totalNonInterestExpenses" scaleFactor="6"
decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~11705~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:nonOperatingIncomeExpense.gainLossOnDispositionOfAssets" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~685~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:incomeFromContinuingOperati
ons.incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~5385~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:incomeFromContinuingOperations.incomeTaxes" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1992
~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:netIncome.netIncomeBeforeAcctingChanges" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~3393~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:netIncome.cumEffectChangeAccountingPrinciple" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~-117~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:netIncomeAvailableToCommon.netIncome" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~3276~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:netIncomeAvailableToCommon.preferredDividends" scaleFactor="6" decim
alPattern="$#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~55~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:incomeStatement.netIncomeAvailableToCommon" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~3221~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:basicEarningsPerShare.basicEarningsPerShareCo
ntinuingOperations" scaleFactor="1" decimalPattern="$#,##0.00 ;$(#,##0.00)"~gt~2.9~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:basicEarningsPerShare.cumulativeEffectChangeInAcctingPrinciplePerBasicShare" scaleFactor="1" decimalPattern="$#,##0.00 ;$(#,##0
 .00)"~gt~-0.1~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:earningsPerShare.basicEarningsPerShare" scaleFactor="1" decimalPattern="$#,##0.00 ;$(#,##0.00)"~gt~2.8~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:dilutedEarningsPerShare.dilutedEarningsPerShareContinuingOperations"
scaleFactor="1" decimalPattern="$#,##0.00 ;$(#,##0.00)"~gt~2.76~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:dilutedEarningsPerShare.cumulativeEffectChangeInAcctingPrinciplePerDilutedShare" scaleFactor="1" decimalPattern="$#,##0.00 ;$(#,##0.00)"~gt~-0.09~
lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:earningsPerShare.dilutedEarningsPerShare" scaleFactor="1" decimalPattern="$#,##0.00 ;$(#,##0.00)"~gt~2.67~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:dilutedWeightedAverageShares.basicWeightedAverageShares" scaleFactor="1" d
ecimalPattern="#,###"~gt~1151645450~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:weightedAverageSharesOutstanding.dilutedWeightedAverageShares" scaleFactor="1" decimalPattern="#,###"~gt~1212588130~lt~/item~gt~~lt~/group~gt~~lt~/group~gt~~lt~group xmlns=""
type="ci:statements.cashFlows"~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:netCashFlowsOperatingActivitiesIndirect.netIncome'])"~gt~Net income~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:adjustmentsTo
ReconcileCashFlows.cumulativeEffectOfChangeInAccountingPrinciple'])"~gt~    Cumulative effect of accounting change~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.gainLossOnSaleOfBusiness'])"~gt~
Gain on sale of businesses~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='mwd:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.deferredIncomeTaxes'])"~gt~    Deferred income taxes~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item
[@type='mwd:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.compensationPayableInCommonOrPreferredStock'])"~gt~    Compensation payable in common or preferred stock~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:adjustmentsToReconcile
CashFlows.depreciationAmortizationCashFlowsReconciliation'])"~gt~    Depreciation and amortization~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.provisionForConsumerLoanLosses'])"~gt~    Provision for
consumer loan losses~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.cashAndSecuritiesDepositedWithClearingOrganizationsOrSegregatedUnderFederalAndOtherRegulations'])"~gt~    Cash and securities
deposited with clearing organizations or segregated under federal and other regulations~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.financialInstrumentsOwnedNetOfFinancialInstrumentsSo
ldNotYetPurchased'])"~gt~    Financial instruments owned, net of financial instruments sold, not yet purchased~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.securitiesBorrowedNetOfSecuri
tiesLoaned'])"~gt~    Securities borrowed, net of securities loaned~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.changeInReceivables'])"~gt~    Receivables and other assets~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label
xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.changeInAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpenses'])"~gt~    Payables and other liabilities~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:netCashFlo
wsOperatingActivities.netCashFlowsOperatingActivitiesIndirect'])"~gt~Net cash (used for) provided by operating activities~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:netCashFlowsInvestingActivities.officeFacilities'])"~gt~  Office facilities~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:proceedsFromSalesMaturityOfAsse
ts.divestureOfBusinesses'])"~gt~  Sale of businesses, net of disposal costs~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='mwd:acquisitionOfBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired.PurchaseOfMorganStanleyDeanWitterSVSANetOfCashAcquired'])"~gt~
Purchase of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, S.V., S.A., net of cash acquired~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='mwd:acquisitionOfBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired.PurchaseOfAnsettWorldwideNetOfCashAcquired'])"~gt~  Purchase of Ansett
Worldwide, net of cash acquired ~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:netCashFlowsInvestingActivities.netPrincipalDisbursedOnConsumerLoans'])"~gt~  Net principal disbursed on consumer loans~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label
xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:netCashFlowsInvestingActivities.salesOfConsumerLoans'])"~gt~  Sales of consumer loans~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:netCashFlows.netCashFlowsInvestingActiv
ities'])"~gt~Net cash (used for) provided by investing activities~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:proceedsFromBorrowings.notesPayable'])"~gt~  Net (payments for) proceeds from short-term borrowings~lt~/l
abel~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:netCashFlowsFinancingActivities.securitiesSoldUnderAgreementsToRepurchaseNetOfSecuritiesPurchasedUnderAgreementsToResell'])"~gt~  Securities sold under agreements to repurchase, net of
securities purchased under agreements to resell~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='fs:netCashFlowsFinancingActivities.netProceedsFromDeposits'])"~gt~    Deposits~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpoi
nter(//item[@type='ci:proceedsFromIssuanceOfEquity.commonStock'])"~gt~    Issuance of common stock~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='mwd:proceedsFromIssuanceOfEquity.issuanceOfPutOptions'])"~gt~    Issuance of put
options~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:proceedsFromBorrowings.longTermDebt'])"~gt~    Issuance of long-term borrowings~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='mwd:proceedsFromI
ssuanceOfEquity.IssuanceOfPreferredSecuritiesIssuedBySubsidiaries'])"~gt~    Issuance of Preferred Securities Issued by Subsidiaries~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:repaymentOfBorrowings.longTermDebt'])"~gt~
Repayments of long-term borrowings~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='mwd:preferredStock.redemptionOfCumulativePreferredStock'])"~gt~    Redemption of cumulative preferred stock~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en"
href="xpointer(//item[@type='mwd:paymentForRepurchasesOfEquity.redemptionOfCapitalUnits'])"~gt~    Redemption of Capital Units~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:paymentForRepurchasesOfEquity.commonStock'])"~gt~
Repurchases of common stock~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:otherNet.paymentOfDividends'])"~gt~    Cash dividends~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:netCashFlows.netCash
FlowsFinancingActivities'])"~gt~Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:endOfPeriodCashAndCashEquivalents.netCashFlows'])"~gt~Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
equivalents~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en" href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:endOfPeriodCashAndCashEquivalents.beginningOfPeriodCashAndCashEquivalents'])"~gt~Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of period ~lt~/label~gt~~lt~label xml:lang="en"
href="xpointer(//item[@type='ci:cashFlows.endOfPeriodCashAndCashEquivalents'])"~gt~Cash and cash equivalents, at end of period~lt~/label~gt~~lt~group period="P1Y/20001130"~gt~~lt~item type="ci:netCashFlowsOperatingActivitiesIndirect.netIncome"
scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;$(#,###)"~gt~5456~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.cumulativeEffectOfChangeInAccountingPrinciple" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="ci:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.gainLossOnSaleOfBusiness" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-35~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.deferredIncomeTaxes" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~-219~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.compensationPayableInCommonOrPreferredStock" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~908~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlow
s.depreciationAmortizationCashFlowsReconciliation" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~727~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.provisionForConsumerLoanLosses" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(
#,###)"~gt~810~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.cashAndSecuritiesDepositedWithClearingOrganizationsOrSegregatedUnderFederalAndOtherRegulations" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-38924~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="fs:changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.financialInstrumentsOwnedNetOfFinancialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-10524~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.securities
BorrowedNetOfSecuritiesLoaned" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-15036~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.changeInReceivables" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~2077~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="ci:changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.changeInAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpenses" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~52376~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:netCashFlowsOperatingActivities.netCashFlowsOperatingActivitiesIndirect"
scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-2384~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:netCashFlowsInvestingActivities.officeFacilities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-836~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:proceedsFromSales
MaturityOfAssets.divestureOfBusinesses" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:acquisitionOfBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired.PurchaseOfMorganStanleyDeanWitterSVSANetOfCashAcquired" scaleFactor="6" dec
imalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:acquisitionOfBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired.PurchaseOfAnsettWorldwideNetOfCashAcquired" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-199~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:netC
ashFlowsInvestingActivities.netPrincipalDisbursedOnConsumerLoans" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-11410~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:netCashFlowsInvestingActivities.salesOfConsumerLoans" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~9760~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:netCashFlows.netCashFlowsInvestingActivities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-2685~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:proceedsFromBorrowings.notesPayable" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~-10563~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:netCashFlowsFinancingActivities.securitiesSoldUnderAgreementsToRepurchaseNetOfSecuritiesPurchasedUnderAgreementsToResell" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~12154~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="fs:netCashFlowsFinancingActivities.netProceedsFromDeposits" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1533~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:proceedsFromIssuanceOfEquity.commonStock" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)
"~gt~338~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:proceedsFromIssuanceOfEquity.issuanceOfPutOptions" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~42~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:proceedsFromBorrowings.longTermDebt" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~22475~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:proceedsFromIssuanceOfEquity.IssuanceOfPreferredSecuritiesIssuedBySubsidiaries" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:repaymentOfBorrowings.longTermDebt" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-9351~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:p
referredStock.redemptionOfCumulativePreferredStock" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:paymentForRepurchasesOfEquity.redemptionOfCapitalUnits" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~
gt~-513~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:paymentForRepurchasesOfEquity.commonStock" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-3628~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:otherNet.paymentOfDividends" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,#
##)"~gt~-924~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:netCashFlows.netCashFlowsFinancingActivities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~11563~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:endOfPeriodCashAndCashEquivalents.netCashFlows" scaleFactor="6"
decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~6494~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:endOfPeriodCashAndCashEquivalents.beginningOfPeriodCashAndCashEquivalents" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~12325~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:cashFlow
s.endOfPeriodCashAndCashEquivalents" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;$(#,###)"~gt~18819~lt~/item~gt~~lt~/group~gt~~lt~group period="P1Y/19991130"~gt~~lt~item type="ci:netCashFlowsOperatingActivitiesIndirect.netIncome" scaleFactor="6"
decimalPattern="$#,### ;$(#,###)"~gt~4791~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.cumulativeEffectOfChangeInAccountingPrinciple" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:adjust
mentsToReconcileCashFlows.gainLossOnSaleOfBusiness" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.deferredIncomeTaxes" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~
- -160~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.compensationPayableInCommonOrPreferredStock" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~735~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.depreciati
onAmortizationCashFlowsReconciliation" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~541~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.provisionForConsumerLoanLosses" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~5
29~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.cashAndSecuritiesDepositedWithClearingOrganizationsOrSegregatedUnderFederalAndOtherRegulations" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~839~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type
="fs:changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.financialInstrumentsOwnedNetOfFinancialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-22081~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.securitiesBorr
owedNetOfSecuritiesLoaned" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-8798~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.changeInReceivables" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-11276~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="ci:changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.changeInAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpenses" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~5656~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:netCashFlowsOperatingActivities.netCashFlowsOperatingActivitiesIndirect"
scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-29224~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:netCashFlowsInvestingActivities.officeFacilities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-656~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:proceedsFromSale
sMaturityOfAssets.divestureOfBusinesses" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:acquisitionOfBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired.PurchaseOfMorganStanleyDeanWitterSVSANetOfCashAcquired" scaleFactor="6" de
cimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-223~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:acquisitionOfBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired.PurchaseOfAnsettWorldwideNetOfCashAcquired" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:net
CashFlowsInvestingActivities.netPrincipalDisbursedOnConsumerLoans" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-8769~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:netCashFlowsInvestingActivities.salesOfConsumerLoans" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~2997~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:netCashFlows.netCashFlowsInvestingActivities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-6651~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:proceedsFromBorrowings.notesPayable" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~9994~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:netCashFlowsFinancingActivities.securitiesSoldUnderAgreementsToRepurchaseNetOfSecuritiesPurchasedUnderAgreementsToResell" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~21327~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="fs:netCashFlowsFinancingActivities.netProceedsFromDeposits" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~2200~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:proceedsFromIssuanceOfEquity.commonStock" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)
"~gt~223~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:proceedsFromIssuanceOfEquity.issuanceOfPutOptions" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~9~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:proceedsFromBorrowings.longTermDebt" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~7552~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:proceedsFromIssuanceOfEquity.IssuanceOfPreferredSecuritiesIssuedBySubsidiaries" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:repaymentOfBorrowings.longTermDebt"
scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-6618~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:preferredStock.redemptionOfCumulativePreferredStock" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:paymentForRepur
chasesOfEquity.redemptionOfCapitalUnits" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-416~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:paymentForRepurchasesOfEquity.commonStock" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-2374~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="ci:otherNet.paymentOfDividends" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-575~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:netCashFlows.netCashFlowsFinancingActivities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~31322~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="ci:endOfPeriodCashAndCashEquivalents.netCashFlows" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-4553~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:endOfPeriodCashAndCashEquivalents.beginningOfPeriodCashAndCashEquivalents" scaleFactor="6" decim
alPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~16878~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:cashFlows.endOfPeriodCashAndCashEquivalents" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;$(#,###)"~gt~12325~lt~/item~gt~~lt~/group~gt~~lt~group period="P1Y/19981130"~gt~~lt~item
type="ci:netCashFlowsOperatingActivitiesIndirect.netIncome" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;$(#,###)"~gt~3276~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.cumulativeEffectOfChangeInAccountingPrinciple" scaleFactor="6"
decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~117~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.gainLossOnSaleOfBusiness" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-685~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:adjustmentsToReconcileCash
Flows.deferredIncomeTaxes" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-55~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.compensationPayableInCommonOrPreferredStock" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt
~408~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.depreciationAmortizationCashFlowsReconciliation" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~575~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.provisi
onForConsumerLoanLosses" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1173~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.cashAndSecuritiesDepositedWithClearingOrganizationsOrSegregatedUnderFederalAndOtherRegulations" scaleFactor="6"
decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-3641~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.financialInstrumentsOwnedNetOfFinancialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###
)"~gt~11127~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.securitiesBorrowedNetOfSecuritiesLoaned" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-5061~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.changeInReceivables"
scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~2114~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.changeInAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpenses" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~6081~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item typ
e="ci:netCashFlowsOperatingActivities.netCashFlowsOperatingActivitiesIndirect" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~15429~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:netCashFlowsInvestingActivities.officeFacilities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~-358~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:proceedsFromSalesMaturityOfAssets.divestureOfBusinesses" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~1399~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:acquisitionOfBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired.Purchase
OfMorganStanleyDeanWitterSVSANetOfCashAcquired" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:acquisitionOfBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired.PurchaseOfAnsettWorldwideNetOfCashAcquired" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:netCashFlowsInvestingActivities.netPrincipalDisbursedOnConsumerLoans" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-2314~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:netCashFlowsInvestingActivities.salesOfConsumerLoans"
scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~4466~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:netCashFlows.netCashFlowsInvestingActivities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~3193~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:proceedsFromBorrowings.notesPayable"
scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~5620~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:netCashFlowsFinancingActivities.securitiesSoldUnderAgreementsToRepurchaseNetOfSecuritiesPurchasedUnderAgreementsToResell" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~-14407~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="fs:netCashFlowsFinancingActivities.netProceedsFromDeposits" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-796~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:proceedsFromIssuanceOfEquity.commonStock" scaleFactor="6"
decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~126~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:proceedsFromIssuanceOfEquity.issuanceOfPutOptions" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:proceedsFromBorrowings.longTermDebt"
scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~9771~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:proceedsFromIssuanceOfEquity.IssuanceOfPreferredSecuritiesIssuedBySubsidiaries" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~400~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item
type="ci:repaymentOfBorrowings.longTermDebt" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-7069~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:preferredStock.redemptionOfCumulativePreferredStock" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-20
0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="mwd:paymentForRepurchasesOfEquity.redemptionOfCapitalUnits" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~0~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:paymentForRepurchasesOfEquity.commonStock" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~-2925~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:otherNet.paymentOfDividends" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~-519~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:netCashFlows.netCashFlowsFinancingActivities" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;
(#,###)"~gt~-9999~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:endOfPeriodCashAndCashEquivalents.netCashFlows" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~8623~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:endOfPeriodCashAndCashEquivalents.beginningOfPeriodCashAnd
CashEquivalents" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="#,### ;(#,###)"~gt~8255~lt~/item~gt~~lt~item type="ci:cashFlows.endOfPeriodCashAndCashEquivalents" scaleFactor="6" decimalPattern="$#,### ;$(#,###)"~gt~16878~lt~/item~gt~~lt~/group~gt~~lt~/gr
oup~gt~~lt~/group~gt~


- -->


<!-- msdw taxonomy -->
<!-- mwd.xsd -->

<!--

~lt~schema xmlns:xbrl="http://www.xbrl.org/core/2000-07-31/metamodel" xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ci="http://www.xbrl.org/us/gaap/ci/2000-07-31" xmlns:fs="http://www.msdw.com/xbrl/financialservices/draft1" targetNamespa
ce="http://www.msdw.com/xbrl/draft1"~gt~~lt~import namespace="http://www.xbrl.org/core/2000-07-31/metamodel" schemalocation=""/~gt~~lt~element name="adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.deferredIncomeTaxes" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~~lt~annotation
~gt~~lt~appinfo~gt~~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Deferred income taxes~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="13.1" to="ci:netCashFlowsOperatingActivitiesIndirect.adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows"/~gt~~lt~/appinfo~gt~
~lt~documentation/~gt~~lt~/annotation~gt~~lt~/element~gt~~lt~element name="adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.compensationPayableInCommonOrPreferredStock" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~~lt~annotation~gt~~lt~appinfo~gt~~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Compensation payable in
common or preferred stock~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="13.2" to="ci:netCashFlowsOperatingActivitiesIndirect.adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows"/~gt~~lt~/appinfo~gt~~lt~documentation/~gt~~lt~/annota
tion~gt~~lt~/element~gt~~lt~element name="netCashFlows.deanWitterDiscoverCoSNetCashActivityForTheMonthOf" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~~lt~annotation~gt~~lt~appinfo~gt~~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Dean Witter, Discover &amp; Co.'s net cash activity
for the month of~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="3.1" to="ci:endOfPeriodCashAndCashEquivalents.netCashFlows"/~gt~~lt~/appinfo~gt~~lt~documentation/~gt~~lt~/annotation~gt~~lt~/element~gt~~lt~element
name="acquisitionOfBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired.purchaseOfAbAsesoresNetOfCashAcquired" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~~lt~annotation~gt~~lt~appinfo~gt~~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Purchase of AB Asesores, net of cash acquired~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~~lt~xbrl:refere
nce/~gt~~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="1" to="ci:paymentsForAssets.acquisitionOfBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired"/~gt~~lt~/appinfo~gt~~lt~documentation/~gt~~lt~/annotation~gt~~lt~/element~gt~~lt~element name="proceedsFromIssuanceOfEquity.issu
anceOfCapitalUnits" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~~lt~annotation~gt~~lt~appinfo~gt~~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Issuance of Capital Units~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="9" to="ci:netCashFlowsFinancingActivities.pr
oceedsFromIssuanceOfEquity"/~gt~~lt~/appinfo~gt~~lt~documentation/~gt~~lt~/annotation~gt~~lt~/element~gt~~lt~element name="proceedsFromIssuanceOfEquity.issuanceOfPutOptions" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~~lt~annotation~gt~~lt~appinfo~gt~~lt~xbrl:
label~gt~Issuance of put options~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="3.5" to="ci:netCashFlowsFinancingActivities.proceedsFromIssuanceOfEquity"/~gt~~lt~/appinfo~gt~~lt~documentation/~gt~~lt~/annotation~
gt~~lt~/element~gt~~lt~element name="preferredStock.redemptionOfCumulativePreferredStock" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~~lt~annotation~gt~~lt~appinfo~gt~~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Redemption of cumulative preferred stock~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~~lt~xbrl:referen
ce/~gt~~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="1" to="ci:paymentForRepurchasesOfEquity.preferredStock"/~gt~~lt~/appinfo~gt~~lt~documentation/~gt~~lt~/annotation~gt~~lt~/element~gt~~lt~element name="paymentForRepurchasesOfEquity.redemptionOfCapitalUnits"
type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~~lt~annotation~gt~~lt~appinfo~gt~~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Redemption of Capital Units~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="0.5" to="ci:netCashFlowsFinancingActivities.paymentForRepurcha
sesOfEquity"/~gt~~lt~/appinfo~gt~~lt~documentation/~gt~~lt~/annotation~gt~~lt~/element~gt~~lt~element name="stockholdersEquity.commonStockIssuedToEmployeeTrust" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~~lt~annotation~gt~~lt~appinfo~gt~~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Common stock issued
to employee trust~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~~lt~xbrl:reference name="" number="" chapter="" paragraph="" subparagraph=""/~gt~~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="8.7" to="ci:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.stockholdersEquity"/~gt~~lt~/appinfo~gt~~lt~
documentation/~gt~~lt~/annotation~gt~~lt~/element~gt~~lt~element name="assets.aircraftUnderOperatingLeases" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~~lt~annotation~gt~~lt~appinfo~gt~~lt~xbrl:label~gt~ Aircraft under operating leases~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~~lt~xb
rl:reference/~gt~~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="28.5" to="ci:balanceSheet.assets"/~gt~~lt~/appinfo~gt~~lt~documentation/~gt~~lt~/annotation~gt~~lt~/element~gt~~lt~element name="acquisitionOfBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired.PurchaseOfMorganSta
nleyDeanWitterSVSANetOfCashAcquired" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~~lt~annotation~gt~~lt~appinfo~gt~~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Purchase of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, S.V., S.A., net of cash acquired~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1"
order="2" to="ci:paymentsForAssets.acquisitionOfBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired"/~gt~~lt~/appinfo~gt~~lt~documentation/~gt~~lt~/annotation~gt~~lt~/element~gt~~lt~element name="acquisitionOfBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired.PurchaseOfAnsettWorldwideNe
tOfCashAcquired" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~~lt~annotation~gt~~lt~appinfo~gt~~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Purchase of Ansett Worldwide, net of cash acquired ~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="3" to="ci:paymentsFor
Assets.acquisitionOfBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired"/~gt~~lt~/appinfo~gt~~lt~documentation/~gt~~lt~/annotation~gt~~lt~/element~gt~~lt~element name="aircraftUnderOperatingLeases.lessAccumulatedDepreciation" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~~lt~annotation
~gt~~lt~appinfo~gt~~lt~xbrl:label~gt~less accumulated depreciation~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="-1" order="1" to="mwd:assets.aircraftUnderOperatingLeases"/~gt~~lt~/appinfo~gt~~lt~documentation/~gt~~lt~/an
notation~gt~~lt~/element~gt~~lt~element name="stockholdersEquity.employeeStockTrust" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~~lt~annotation~gt~~lt~appinfo~gt~~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Employee stock trust~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1"
order="8.5" to="ci:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.stockholdersEquity"/~gt~~lt~/appinfo~gt~~lt~documentation/~gt~~lt~/annotation~gt~~lt~/element~gt~~lt~element name="stockholdersEquity.noteReceivableRelatedToEsop" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~~
lt~annotation~gt~~lt~appinfo~gt~~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Note receivable related to ESOP~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~~lt~xbrl:reference name="" number="" chapter="" paragraph="" subparagraph=""/~gt~~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="8.6" to="ci:liabilitiesAn
dStockholdersEquity.stockholdersEquity"/~gt~~lt~/appinfo~gt~~lt~documentation/~gt~~lt~/annotation~gt~~lt~/element~gt~~lt~element name="proceedsFromIssuanceOfEquity.IssuanceOfPreferredSecuritiesIssuedBySubsidiaries" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~~
lt~annotation~gt~~lt~appinfo~gt~~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Issuance of preferred Securities Issued by Subsidiaries~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="8" to="ci:netCashFlowsFinancingActivities.proceedsFromIssua
nceOfEquity"/~gt~~lt~/appinfo~gt~~lt~documentation/~gt~~lt~/annotation~gt~~lt~/element~gt~~lt~element name="stockholdersEquity.Subtotal" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~~lt~annotation~gt~~lt~appinfo~gt~~lt~xbrl:label~gt~    Subtotal~lt~/xbrl:label~
gt~~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="0" order="99" to="ci:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.stockholdersEquity"/~gt~~lt~/appinfo~gt~~lt~documentation/~gt~~lt~/annotation~gt~~lt~/element~gt~~lt~/schema~gt~




- -->

<!-- fs taxonomy -->
<!-- financialservices.xsd -->

<!--

~lt~schema xmlns:xbrl="http://www.xbrl.org/core/2000-07-31/metamodel" xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ci="http://www.xbrl.org/us/gaap/ci/2000-07-31" targetNamespace="http://www.msdw.com/xbrl/financialservices/draft1"~gt~
	~lt~import namespace="http://www.xbrl.org/core/2000-07-31/metamodel" schemalocation=""/~gt~
	~lt~element name="incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems.totalNonInterestExpenses" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Total non-interest expenses~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference name="" number="" chapter="" paragraph="" subparagraph=""/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="-1" order="0" to="ci:incomeFromContinuingOperations.incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="totalNonInterestExpenses.compensationAndBenefits" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Compensation and benefits~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="1" to="fs:incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems.totalNonInterestExpenses"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="totalNonInterestExpenses.occupancyAndEquipment" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Occupancy and equipment~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="2" to="fs:incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems.totalNonInterestExpenses"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="totalNonInterestExpenses.brokerageClearingAndExchangeFees" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Brokerage, clearing and exchange fees~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="3" to="fs:incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems.totalNonInterestExpenses"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="totalNonInterestExpenses.informationProcessingAndCommunications" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Information processing and communications~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="4" to="fs:incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems.totalNonInterestExpenses"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="totalNonInterestExpenses.marketingAndBusinessDevelopment" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Marketing and business development~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="5" to="fs:incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems.totalNonInterestExpenses"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="totalNonInterestExpenses.professionalServices" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Professional services~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="6" to="fs:incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems.totalNonInterestExpenses"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="totalNonInterestExpenses.other" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Other~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="7" to="fs:incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems.totalNonInterestExpenses"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="totalNonInterestExpenses.mergerRelatedExpenses" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Merger-related expenses~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="8" to="fs:incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems.totalNonInterestExpenses"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems.netRevenues" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Net revenues~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="3" to="ci:incomeFromContinuingOperations.incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="netRevenues.totalRevenues" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Total revenues~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="1" to="fs:incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems.netRevenues"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="netRevenues.interestExpense" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Interest expense~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="-1" order="2" to="fs:incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems.netRevenues"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="netRevenues.provisionForConsumerLoanLosses" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Provision for consumer loan losses~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="-1" order="3" to="fs:incomeBeforeTaxesAcctingChangesExtraordinaryItems.netRevenues"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="totalRevenues.investmentBanking" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Investment banking~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="1" to="fs:netRevenues.totalRevenues"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="totalRevenues.principalTransactions" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Principal transactions~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="2" to="fs:netRevenues.totalRevenues"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="principalTransactions.trading" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Trading~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="1" to="fs:totalRevenues.principalTransactions"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="principalTransactions.investments" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Investments~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="2" to="fs:totalRevenues.principalTransactions"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="totalRevenues.commissions" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Commissions~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference name="" number="" chapter="" paragraph="" subparagraph=""/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="3" to="fs:netRevenues.totalRevenues"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="totalRevenues.fees" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Fees:~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference name="" number="" chapter="" paragraph="" subparagraph=""/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="4" to="fs:netRevenues.totalRevenues"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="totalRevenues.interestAndDividends" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Interest and dividends~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference name="" number="" chapter="" paragraph="" subparagraph=""/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="5" to="fs:netRevenues.totalRevenues"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="totalRevenues.other" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Other~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference name="" number="" chapter="" paragraph="" subparagraph=""/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="6" to="fs:netRevenues.totalRevenues"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="fees.assetManagementDistributionAndAdministration" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Asset management, distribution and administration~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="1" to="fs:totalRevenues.fees"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="fees.merchantAndCardmember" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Merchant and cardmember~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="2" to="fs:totalRevenues.fees"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="fees.servicing" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Servicing~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="3" to="fs:totalRevenues.fees"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="assets.cashAndCashEquivalents" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Cash and cash equivalents~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="21" to="ci:balanceSheet.assets"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="assets.cashAndSecuritiesDepositedWithClearingOrganizationsOrSegregatedUnderFederalAndOtherRegulations" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Cash and securities deposited with clearing organizations or segregated under federal and other regulations (including securities at fair value)~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference name="" number="" chapter="" paragraph="" subparagraph=""/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="22" to="ci:balanceSheet.assets"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="assets.financialInstrumentsOwned" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Financial instruments owned:~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="23" to="ci:balanceSheet.assets"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="financialInstrumentsOwned.uSGovernmentAndAgencySecurities" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~U.S. government and agency securities~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="1" to="fs:assets.financialInstrumentsOwned"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="financialInstrumentsOwned.otherSovereignGovernmentObligations" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Other sovereign government obligations~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="2" to="fs:assets.financialInstrumentsOwned"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="financialInstrumentsOwned.corporateAndOtherDebt" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Corporate and other debt~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="3" to="fs:assets.financialInstrumentsOwned"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="financialInstrumentsOwned.corporateEquities" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Corporate equities~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="4" to="fs:assets.financialInstrumentsOwned"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="financialInstrumentsOwned.derivativeContracts" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Derivative contracts~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="5" to="fs:assets.financialInstrumentsOwned"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="financialInstrumentsOwned.physicalCommodities" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Physical commodities~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="6" to="fs:assets.financialInstrumentsOwned"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="assets.securitiesPurchasedUnderAgreementsToResell" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Securities purchased under agreements to resell~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="24" to="ci:balanceSheet.assets"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="assets.receivableForSecuritiesProvidedAsCollateral" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Receivable for securities provided as collateral~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="25" to="ci:balanceSheet.assets"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="assets.securitiesBorrowed" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Securities borrowed~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="26" to="ci:balanceSheet.assets"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="assets.receivables" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Receivables:~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="27" to="ci:balanceSheet.assets"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="receivables.consumerLoansNetOfAllowances" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Consumer loans (net of allowances)~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="1" to="fs:assets.receivables"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="receivables.customersNet" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Customers, net~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="2" to="fs:assets.receivables"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="receivables.brokersDealersAndClearingOrganizations" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Brokers, dealers and clearing organizations~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="3" to="fs:assets.receivables"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="receivables.feesInterestAndOther" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Fees, interest and other~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="4" to="fs:assets.receivables"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="assets.officeFacilitiesAtCostLessAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Office facilities, at cost (less accumulated depreciation and amortization)~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="28" to="ci:balanceSheet.assets"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="assets.otherAssets" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Other assets~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="29" to="ci:balanceSheet.assets"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="liabilities.commercialPaperAndOtherShortTermBorrowings" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Commercial paper and other short-term borrowings~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="11" to="ci:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.liabilities"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="liabilities.deposits" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Deposits~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="12" to="ci:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.liabilities"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="liabilities.financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased:~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="13" to="ci:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.liabilities"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.uSGovernmentAndAgencySecurities" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~U.S. government and agency securities~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="1" to="fs:liabilities.financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.otherSovereignGovernmentObligations" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Other sovereign government obligations~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="2" to="fs:liabilities.financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.corporateAndOtherDebt" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Corporate and other debt~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="3" to="fs:liabilities.financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.corporateEquities" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Corporate equities~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="4" to="fs:liabilities.financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.derivativeContracts" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Derivative contracts~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="5" to="fs:liabilities.financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased.physicalCommodities" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Physical commodities~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="6" to="fs:liabilities.financialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="liabilities.securitiesSoldUnderAgreementsToRepurchase" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Securities sold under agreements to repurchase~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="14" to="ci:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.liabilities"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="liabilities.obligationToReturnSecuritiesReceivedAsCollateral" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Obligation to return securities received as collateral~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="15" to="ci:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.liabilities"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="liabilities.securitiesLoaned" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Securities loaned~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="16" to="ci:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.liabilities"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="liabilities.payables" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Payables:~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="17" to="ci:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.liabilities"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="payables.customers" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Customers~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="1" to="fs:liabilities.payables"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="payables.brokersDealersAndClearingOrganizations" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Brokers, dealers and clearing organizations~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="2" to="fs:liabilities.payables"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="payables.interestAndDividends" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Interest and dividends~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="3" to="fs:liabilities.payables"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="liabilities.otherLiabilitiesAndAccruedExpenses" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Other liabilities and accrued expenses~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="18" to="ci:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.liabilities"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="liabilities.longTermBorrowings" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Long-term borrowings~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="19" to="ci:liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.liabilities"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.capitalUnits" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Capital Units~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="3.5" to="ci:balanceSheet.liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity.preferredSecuritiesIssuedBySubsidiaries" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Preferred Securities Issued by Subsidiaries~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="3.6" to="ci:balanceSheet.liabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.provisionForConsumerLoanLosses" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Provision for consumer loan losses~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="13.3" to="ci:netCashFlowsOperatingActivitiesIndirect.adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.cashAndSecuritiesDepositedWithClearingOrganizationsOrSegregatedUnderFederalAndOtherRegulations" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Cash and securities deposited with clearing organizations or segregated under federal and other regulations~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="0.1" to="ci:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.financialInstrumentsOwnedNetOfFinancialInstrumentsSoldNotYetPurchased" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Financial instruments owned, net of financial instruments sold, not yet purchased~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="0.2" to="ci:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect.securitiesBorrowedNetOfSecuritiesLoaned" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Securities borrowed, net of securities loaned~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="0.3" to="ci:adjustmentsToReconcileCashFlows.changeInWorkingCapitalIndirect"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="netCashFlowsInvestingActivities.officeFacilities" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Office facilities~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="0.1" to="ci:netCashFlows.netCashFlowsInvestingActivities"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="netCashFlowsInvestingActivities.netPrincipalDisbursedOnConsumerLoans" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Net principal disbursed on consumer loans~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="0.5" to="ci:netCashFlows.netCashFlowsInvestingActivities"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="netCashFlowsInvestingActivities.purchasesOfConsumerLoans" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Purchases of consumer loans~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="0.6" to="ci:netCashFlows.netCashFlowsInvestingActivities"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="netCashFlowsInvestingActivities.salesOfConsumerLoans" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Sales of consumer loans~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="0.7" to="ci:netCashFlows.netCashFlowsInvestingActivities"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="netCashFlowsFinancingActivities.securitiesSoldUnderAgreementsToRepurchaseNetOfSecuritiesPurchasedUnderAgreementsToResell" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Securities sold under agreements to repurchase, net of securities purchased under agreements to resell~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="1.5" to="ci:netCashFlows.netCashFlowsFinancingActivities"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="netCashFlowsFinancingActivities.netProceedsFromDeposits" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Net proceeds from (payments for) Deposits~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference name="" number="" chapter="" paragraph="" subparagraph=""/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="1" order="1.6" to="ci:netCashFlows.netCashFlowsFinancingActivities"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="cashAndSecuritiesDepositedWithClearingOrganizationsOrSegregatedUnderFederalAndOtherRegulations.securitiesAtFairValue" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~
		~lt~annotation~gt~
			~lt~appinfo~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:label~gt~Securities at fair value~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:reference/~gt~
				~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="-1" order="1" to="fs:assets.cashAndSecuritiesDepositedWithClearingOrganizationsOrSegregatedUnderFederalAndOtherRegulations"/~gt~
			~lt~/appinfo~gt~
			~lt~documentation/~gt~
		~lt~/annotation~gt~
	~lt~/element~gt~
	~lt~element name="officeFacilitiesAtCostLessAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization.lessAccumulatedDepreciation" type="xbrl:monetary"~gt~~lt~annotation~gt~~lt~appinfo~gt~~lt~xbrl:label~gt~less accumulated depreciation~lt~/xbrl:label~gt~~lt
~xbrl:reference/~gt~~lt~xbrl:rollup weight="-1" order="1" to="fs:assets.officeFacilitiesAtCostLessAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization"/~gt~~lt~/appinfo~gt~~lt~documentation/~gt~~lt~/annotation~gt~~lt~/element~gt~~lt~/schema~gt~



- -->

</body>

</HTML>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>d10k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                                   FORM 10-K
               ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                      THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                  FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 2000

                        Commission File Number 1-11758

                       Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co.
            (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)
               Delaware                              36-3145972
    (State or other jurisdiction of     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
    incorporation or organization)
             1585 Broadway                               10036
            New York, N.Y.                           (Zip Code)
    (Address of principal executive
               offices)

      Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (212) 761-4000

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Name of each exchange
       Title of each class                                on which registered
       -------------------                              -----------------------
  <S>                                                   <C>
  Common Stock, $.01 par value                          New York Stock Exchange
                                                        Pacific Exchange
  Rights to Purchase Series A Junior Participating
   Preferred Stock                                      New York Stock Exchange
                                                        Pacific Exchange
  Depositary Shares, each representing 1/4 of a share
   of 7 3/4% Cumulative Preferred Stock, $200 stated
   value                                                New York Stock Exchange
  Depositary Shares, each representing 1/4 of a share
   of Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Cumulative
   Preferred Stock, $200 stated value                   New York Stock Exchange
  8.03% Capital Units                                   New York Stock Exchange
  6% Reset PERQS SM Due March 15, 2001; 6% Reset PERQS
   Due May 30, 2001; 6% Reset PERQS Due August 1,
   2001; 7% Reset PERQS Due August 15, 2001; 6% Reset
   PERQS Due December 15, 2001; 8% Reset PERQS Due
   April 30, 2002; 6% Reset PERQS Due May 30, 2002;
   10% Reset PERQS Due June 28, 2002; 8% Reset PERQS
   Due October 30, 2002; Convertible Note PERQS Due
   October 31, 2001; 9% Reset PERQS Due December 30,
   2002; 8% Reset PERQS Due February 28, 2003           American Stock Exchange
  Exchangeable Notes Due July 31, 2003; Exchangeable
   Notes Due December 30, 2005; Exchangeable Notes Due
   August 15, 2006; Exchangeable Notes Due March 2,
   2006 (2 issuances); Exchangeable Notes Due May 30,
   2006; Exchangeable Notes Due June 5, 2006;
   Exchangeable Notes Due July 7, 2006; Exchangeable
   Notes Due August 6, 2006; Exchangeable Notes Due
   October 19, 2006; Exchangeable Notes Due December
   13, 2004; Exchangeable Notes Due March 30, 2007;
   Exchangeable Notes Due November 30, 2007 (2
   issuances)                                           New York Stock Exchange
  Exchangeable Notes Due July 29, 2005 (two
   issuances); Exchangeable Notes Due April 15, 2005;
   Exchangeable Notes Due August 17, 2005               American Stock Exchange
  PEEQS SM Due May 1, 2001                              American Stock Exchange
  PERKS SM Due March 30, 2004                           American Stock Exchange
  Nikkei 225 Protection Step-Up Exchangeable Notes Due
   July 31, 2003                                        New York Stock Exchange
  Dow Jones Industrial Average BRIDGES SM Due April 30,
   2004; Standard & Poor's 500 BRIDGES
   Due December 31, 2003; Dow Jones Euro Stoxx 50
   BRIDGES Due July 30, 2004; Redeemable BRIDGES Due
   May 30, 2005 (based on Morgan Stanley High-Tech 35
   Index)                                               New York Stock Exchange
  5 5/8% Notes Due January 20, 2004; 7.25% Notes Due
   June 17, 2029                                        New York Stock Exchange
</TABLE>

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE

  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  YES [X] NO [_]

  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [_]

  Aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the
Registrant at January 22, 2001 was approximately $92,180,363,561. This
calculation does not reflect a determination that persons are affiliates for
any other purposes.

  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the Registrant's
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:

  As of January 22, 2001, there were 1,116,902,168 shares of Common Stock,
$.01 par value, outstanding.

                     DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:
Portions of the Registrant's definitive proxy statement to be issued in
conjunction with Registrant's annual stockholders' meeting to be held on March
22, 2001 are incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K in response to Part
III, Items 10, 11, 12 and 13.

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>

                                    PART I

Item 1. Business

Overview

  Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co. ("MSDW"*) is a global financial services
firm that maintains leading market positions in each of its three business
segments:

    .  Securities

    .  Asset Management

    .  Credit Services

  MSDW's securities business segment ("Securities") includes:

    .  Investment banking, including:
      .  securities underwriting and distribution

      .  financial advisory services, including advice on mergers and
         acquisitions, restructurings, real estate and project finance

      .  financing and investing

    .  Sales, trading, financing and market-making activities to facilitate
       client orders and on a proprietary basis, in such products as:
      .  equity securities and related products

      .  fixed income securities and related products, including foreign
         exchange and commodities

      .  derivatives

    .  Principal investing, including private equity activities

    .  Securities services to accommodate individual investor needs,
       including:
      .  full-service brokerage services for investors seeking financial
         advice

      .  online execution capabilities for self-directed investors
         desiring to invest with limited professional assistance

      .  financial advisory services for high net worth clients

  MSDW's asset management business segment ("Asset Management") includes:

    .  Global asset management products and services for individual and
       institutional investors, through:

      .  Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Advisors ("MSDW Advisors")

      .  Van Kampen Investments ("Van Kampen")

      .  Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Investment Management ("MSDW
         Investment Management")

      .  Miller Anderson & Sherrerd ("Miller Anderson")

  MSDW's credit services business segment ("Credit Services") includes:

    .  Discover Financial Services ("DFS"), which offers the Discover(R)
       Card, the Discover Platinum Card ("Discover Platinum"), the Morgan
       Stanley Dean Witter Card(TM) (the "MSDW Card") and other proprietary
       general purpose credit cards

    .  Discover Business Services, a proprietary network of merchant and
       cash access locations

- --------
*  Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms "MSDW" and the "Company"
   mean Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co. and its consolidated subsidiaries.
<PAGE>

  MSDW combines global strength in investment banking and institutional sales
and trading with strength in providing full-service brokerage services,
investment and global asset management services and, primarily through its
Discover Card brand, quality consumer credit products. MSDW provides its
products and services to a large and diversified group of clients and
customers, including corporations, governments, financial institutions and
individuals.

  MSDW had the second largest financial advisor sales organization in the U.S.
On a global basis, MSDW had 13,910 professional financial advisors and 603
securities branch offices at November 30, 2000. MSDW also had one of the
largest global asset management operations of any full-service securities
firm, with total assets under management or supervision of $502 billion. In
addition, based on its approximately 42.6 million general purpose credit card
accounts as of November 30, 2000, MSDW is one of the largest credit card
issuers in the U.S., with the largest proprietary merchant and cash access
network.

  MSDW conducts its worldwide businesses through several highly integrated
subsidiaries and affiliates, which frequently participate together in the
facilitation and consummation of a single transaction. Because of the
increasing integration of the international financial markets, MSDW manages
its principal operating subsidiaries on a coordinated global basis with a view
to the profitability of the enterprise as a whole. Financial information
concerning MSDW for each of the three fiscal years ended November 30, 2000,
November 30, 1999 and November 30, 1998 is set forth in the consolidated
financial statements and the notes thereto included in "Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data" in Part II, Item 8 of this Report.

  MSDW conducts its business from its headquarters in New York City, its
regional offices and branches throughout the U.S. and its principal offices in
London, Tokyo, Hong Kong and other financial centers throughout the world. At
November 30, 2000, MSDW had 62,679 employees worldwide, with 53,365 employees
in the U.S. and 9,314 employees internationally. MSDW is a combination of Dean
Witter, Discover & Co. ("Dean Witter Discover") and Morgan Stanley Group Inc.
("Morgan Stanley") and was formed pursuant to a merger of equals that was
effected on May 31, 1997 (the "Merger"). MSDW was originally incorporated
under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1981, and its predecessor companies
date back to 1924.

  MSDW believes that technological advancements in the Internet and the growth
of electronic commerce will continue to present both challenges and
opportunities to MSDW and has led to significant changes and innovations in
financial markets and the financial services industry as a whole. MSDW's
initiatives in this area include Web-enabling existing businesses or enhancing
client communication and access to information and services. For example,
Client Link SM provides institutional and investment banking clients with a
private, secure Internet platform that delivers browser-based information,
products and services across many of MSDW's business units; Client Serv(R)
allows individual investors online trading capabilities, access to real-time
account activity, business news and research; and Discovercard.com enables
cardmembers to access financial management services online. MSDW has also
invested in, or otherwise participated in, alternative trading systems,
electronic communications networks and related businesses or technologies.

                                *      *      *

  Certain statements contained in this Report, including (without limitation)
certain statements made under "Legal Proceedings" in Part I, Item 3 of this
Report, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7 of this Report ("MD&A"), and
"Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk" in Part II, Item
7A of this Report, may constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-
looking statements are not historical facts and represent only MSDW's beliefs
regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently
uncertain and beyond its control. The risks and uncertainties involved in
MSDW's businesses could affect the matters referred to in such statements,
including (without limitation) the effect of economic and market conditions,
the level and volatility of interest rates and currency values and equity and
commodity prices, the actions of current and potential competitors, the impact
of current, pending or future legislation and regulation in the U.S. and
throughout the world, the potential effects of technological changes and other
risks and uncertainties detailed under "Certain Factors Affecting Results of
Operations" in MD&A and in "Competition and Regulation" under each of
"Securities," "Asset Management" and "Credit Services" in Part I, Item 1 of
this Report. Accordingly, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are
made. MSDW undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-
looking statements.


                                       2
<PAGE>

                                  SECURITIES


  MSDW provides worldwide financial advisory and capital-raising services to a
diverse group of domestic and international corporate and other institutional
clients, primarily through Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated ("MS&Co."),
Morgan Stanley & Co. International Limited, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Japan
Limited and Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Asia Limited. These subsidiaries also
conduct sales and trading activities around the world, both as principal and
as agent, as well as related financing services, on behalf of a wide range of
institutional investors and on a proprietary basis. MSDW also conducts a
variety of activities broadly described as principal investing. In addition,
MSDW provides individual investors with a broad range of securities and
savings products and services, primarily through Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
("DWR").

Investment Banking

 Underwriting

  MSDW manages and participates in public offerings and private placements of
debt, equity and other securities worldwide. MSDW is a leading underwriter of
common stock, preferred stock and other equity-related securities, including
convertible securities and American Depositary Receipts ("ADRs"). MSDW is also
a leading underwriter of debt and other fixed income securities, including
investment grade debt, high-yield securities (debt issued by non-investment
grade issuers), mortgage-related and other asset-backed securities, tax-exempt
securities and commercial paper and other short-term securities.

 Financial Advisory Services

  MSDW provides domestic and international corporate and other institutional
clients with a wide range of advisory services on key strategic matters, such
as mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense strategies, joint
ventures, privatizations, spin-offs, restructurings, proxy and consent
solicitations, tender offers, exchange offers and leveraged buyouts. Other
services include advice with respect to recapitalizations, rights offerings,
dividend policy, valuations, foreign exchange exposure, financial risk
management strategies, long-range financial planning and the formation and
development of new technology-driven enterprises such as industrial business-
to-business electronic exchanges. MSDW also furnishes advice and services in
connection with project financings, including infrastructure, electric power
and natural resource projects. In addition, MSDW provides advisory services in
connection with the purchase, sale, leasing and financing of real estate.

 Financing and Investing

  In connection with its investment banking activities, MSDW from time to time
provides financing or financing commitments. For example, MSDW may provide
financing to leveraged companies in the form of senior or subordinated debt,
as well as bridge financing on a select basis. MSDW also conducts senior
lending activities, including the origination and syndication of senior
secured loans of non-investment grade companies. MSDW also engages in a
variety of principal investing activities. See "Principal Investing" below.

Sales, Trading, Financing and Market-Making Activities

 Equity Securities and Related Products

  MSDW's equity sales, trading and market-making activities cover domestic and
foreign equity and equity-related products, including ADRs, iSharesSM and
restricted/control stock, convertible debt and preferred securities, including
Performance Equity-linked Redemption Quarterly-pay Securities ("PERQSSM") and
warrants, equity index products, equity swaps, options and other structured
products. MSDW also advises clients and executes transactions in connection
with international index arbitrage, equity repurchase strategies and program
trading and block trades. In addition, MSDW engages in a variety of
proprietary trading and arbitrage activities in equity securities and equity-
related products for its own account. MSDW conducts its equity sales,

                                       3
<PAGE>

trading and market-making activities both on stock exchanges and in over-the-
counter ("OTC") transactions. MSDW is a member of the major stock exchanges
around the world, including the New York, London, Frankfurt, Tokyo and Hong
Kong stock exchanges.

  MSDW also provides various equity financing services, including prime
brokerage, which offers consolidated clearance and settlement of securities
trades, custody, financing and portfolio reporting services. In addition, MSDW
acts both as principal and agent in stock borrowing and stock loan
transactions in support of its domestic and international trading and
brokerage, asset management and clearing activities and as an intermediary
between broker-dealers.

 Fixed Income Securities and Related Products

  MSDW trades and makes markets in domestic and international debt and other
fixed income securities and related products, including non-convertible
preferred stock, investment grade corporate debt, high-yield securities,
senior loans, government securities, municipal securities, commercial paper,
money market and other short-term securities. MSDW also makes markets in, and
acts as principal with respect to, mortgage-related and other asset-backed
securities and real estate loan products. MSDW is a primary dealer of U.S.
government securities and a member of the selling groups that distribute
various U.S. agency and other debt securities. MSDW is also a member of the
primary syndicates that underwrite German and Japanese government bonds and is
a primary dealer in Austrian, Belgian, Canadian, French, Italian and U.K.
government bonds. In addition, MSDW is a dealer in interest rate and currency
swaps and other related derivative products, OTC options on government bonds
and mortgage-backed forward agreements, options and swaps.

  MSDW advises institutional accounts and other clients on investment
strategies, develops swap and other risk management strategies for its clients
and assists corporations in their repurchases of debt. MSDW is also involved
in structuring debt securities and derivatives with multiple risk/return
factors designed to suit investor objectives, including using repackaged asset
vehicles through which investors can restructure asset portfolios to provide
liquidity or recharacterize risk profiles. MSDW borrows and lends fixed income
securities and acts as an intermediary between borrowers and lenders of short-
term funds utilizing repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements. MSDW also
provides financing to customers for commercial, residential and real estate
loan products.

  MSDW is a market-maker in a number of foreign currencies. The majority of
MSDW's foreign exchange business relates to major foreign currencies such as
yen, euro, pound sterling, Swiss francs and Canadian dollars. The balance of
its business covers a broad range of other currencies. MSDW actively trades
currencies with its clients on a principal basis in the spot, forward and
currency option markets and also takes proprietary positions in currencies.
MSDW is also a leading participant in currency futures trading at the
International Monetary Market division of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.

  MSDW also trades as principal in the spot, forward and futures markets in a
variety of commodities, including precious metals, base metals, crude oil, oil
products, natural gas, electric power and related energy products. MSDW is a
market-maker in swaps and OTC options on commodities, such as metals, crude
oil, oil products, natural gas and electricity, and offers a range of hedging
programs to customers relating to production, consumption and
reserve/inventory management. MSDW is an electricity power marketer in the
U.S. and owns majority equity interests in two exempt wholesale generators (as
defined in the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935) from which MSDW is
the exclusive purchaser of electric power. MSDW also maintains proprietary
trading positions in commodity derivatives, including futures, forwards and
options, in addition to physical commodities.

 Derivatives

  MSDW offers to clients, and takes proprietary positions in, a variety of
financial instruments known as "derivative products" or "derivatives." These
products may be in the form of exchange-traded futures and

                                       4
<PAGE>

options or OTC forwards, options, swaps, caps, collars, floors, swap options
or similar instruments that derive their value from underlying interest rates,
foreign exchange rates, commodities, equity instruments, equity indices,
reference credits or other assets. Derivatives facilitate risk transfer and
enhance liquidity in the marketplace and are often utilized to adjust risk
profiles, such as exposure to equity price, interest rate, currency or credit
risk, or to take proprietary positions. In addition, MSDW uses derivative
products to assist in its asset and liability management and to reduce
borrowing costs. All of MSDW's trading-related business units use derivative
products as an integral part of their respective trading strategies and to
manage market exposure. In addition, as a dealer in certain derivative
products (most notably interest rate and currency swaps), MSDW structures and
enters into derivative contracts to meet a variety of client-driven
investment, risk management and other financial objectives. Through its
triple-A rated subsidiary, Morgan Stanley Derivative Products Inc., MSDW also
enters into swap and related derivative transactions with certain clients
seeking a triple-A rated counterparty.*

 MSCI

  MSDW's majority-owned subsidiary, Morgan Stanley Capital International Inc.
("MSCI"), markets and distributes over 10,000 country, industry and regional
equity and fixed income benchmark indices (including The World, EAFE(R) and
Emerging Market Free Indices) covering 51 countries, and has a 31-year
historical database that includes fundamental and valuation data on over 5,000
companies in developed and emerging market countries. Investment professionals
around the world use MSCI data for many purposes, including performance
measurement.

                                *      *      *

  See also "Risk Management" in Part II, Item 7A of this Report for a
description of MSDW's trading risk management structure, policies and
procedures.

Principal Investing

  MSDW's principal investing activities include making commitments to
purchase, and making negotiated investments in, equity and debt securities
either for the accounts of private equity funds that MSDW manages or for its
own account. These activities may be in connection with merger, acquisition,
restructuring, private investment and leveraged capital transactions and may
include investments in operating companies and real estate as well as venture
capital and strategic investments.

  MSDW generally acts as general partner of the private equity funds through
which certain of its principal investing activities are conducted and
typically contributes a minority of the capital of such funds. MSDW conducts a
substantial portion of its principal investing business through two groups of
investment funds, MSDW Capital Partners and MSDW Venture Partners, making
private equity and venture capital investments in a range of industries
throughout the world. MSDW conducts its real estate principal investing
business primarily through the Morgan Stanley Real Estate Fund and the Real
Estate Special Situations Program, entities that invest in U.S. and
international real estate assets and companies. MSDW also makes equity and
equity-related investments that arise out of its worldwide investment banking
activities through Princes Gate Investors, a group of investment funds that
invest in special situation and venture capital opportunities. From time to
time, MSDW expects to sponsor additional funds and commit to invest in such
funds.

  MSDW also makes investments for its own account. These investments may,
among other things, be in conjunction with the investments made by the private
equity funds described above or in connection with MSDW's investment banking
and sales and trading activities. In addition, these investments include
purchases of equity or debt securities of companies that may have strategic
value for MSDW, such as alternative trading systems, electronic commerce
networks and related businesses or technologies.

- --------
*  For a detailed discussion of MSDW's use of derivatives, see "Derivative
   Financial Instruments" in Part II, Item 7 of this Report, "Notes to
   Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 6" in Part II, Item 8 of this
   Report and "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 9" in Part II,
   Item 8 of this Report.

                                       5
<PAGE>

Securities Services to Individual Investors

 Individual Investor Group

  The Individual Investor Group (formerly the Private Client Group) provides
its clients with comprehensive financial planning services, tailored to meet
individual investment goals and risk profiles, through a flexible platform
designed to accommodate individual investment preferences. Principally through
DWR, the Individual Investor Group offers a broad range of securities and
investment products that are supported by MSDW's investment banking, research,
asset management, execution and operational resources. MSDW provided
securities and investment services to approximately 5.4 million client
accounts in the U.S. and had client assets of $659 billion at November 30,
2000.

  MSDW's ichoice SM service platform for individual investors combines the
products and services offered by the Individual Investor Group with the
technological capabilities of online execution. MSDW provides its clients the
flexibility to select the particular financial service relationship that best
suits their needs, including a traditional full-service brokerage relationship
through a financial advisor, self-directed investing online or some
combination of both. MSDW also provides financial advisory services for high
net worth clients. MSDW provides a range of pricing options, including fee-
based pricing.

 Products and Services

  MSDW provides execution, trading and research services to its individual
clients for listed equity securities, OTC equity securities, options and ADRs.
MSDW also provides execution, trading and research services to individual
clients for a broad range of fixed income securities, including U.S.
government obligations, mortgage and other asset-backed securities, corporate
bonds, preferred stocks, municipal securities and certificates of deposit.
MSDW's financial advisors work together with the institutional fixed income
platform to provide mid-sized institutions with greater access to MSDW's
comprehensive products and research capabilities.

  In addition, MSDW provides its clients with an extensive array of investment
and credit products and services, including mutual funds, unit investment
trusts ("UITs"), insurance products, financial planning, retirement planning,
personal trust and estate planning, tax planning, credit management and
account services. MSDW's Active Assets Account program permits clients to
consolidate their financial assets into a single account, invest in a wide
variety of investment products and automatically invest funds daily in a
variety of money market options, or in a designated bank account at Morgan
Stanley Dean Witter Bank, Inc. ("MSDW Bank") insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"). The program also offers a debit card and a
checking account. BusinesScapeSM, a related financial service program, offers
similar services and features, including enhanced check writing privileges and
a commercial line of credit, to qualified business clients.

  MSDW also offers customers a broad array of investment choices for
individual retirement planning and provides individual annuities and complete
defined contribution plan services for businesses, including 401(k) plans.
MSDW's investment consulting services business assists clients in analyzing
their investment objectives and in selecting investment advisory services
offered by affiliated and unaffiliated investment advisers. Through its
wholly-owned insurance agency subsidiaries, MSDW acts as a national general
agency for leading insurance carriers to meet the insurance and annuity needs
of individual investors. MSDW also offers trust and fiduciary services to both
individual and corporate clients, primarily trustee services for personal
trusts and tax-qualified retirement plans.

 Private Wealth Management

  The Private Wealth Management Group ("PWM") provides financial solutions to
individuals, families and foundations controlling significant pools of wealth.
PWM provides access to MSDW's trading capabilities, research and analytical
products and its securities underwritings. PWM financial advisors manage
specific financial asset classes and provide tailored global asset allocation
strategies for its clients. PWM also offers

                                       6
<PAGE>

certain private investors the opportunity to co-invest with MSDW in its
principal investing activities and specialized funds.

 Online Capabilities

  MSDW's online capabilities, including Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Online,
permit customers to invest and trade through the Internet, through automated
telephone trading, wireless trading or through a registered representative.
MSDW provides a broad range of investment options online, including detailed
account information, real-time securities price quotes, graphs and portfolio
performance information and trade execution. Clients can also subscribe to
proprietary equity research reports and analysts' ratings. MSDW also offers
customers extended trading hours through MarketXT(TM), the ability to trade
U.S. treasury securities and certain municipal securities online every
weekday, 24 hours per day and, to qualified customers, access to initial
public offerings and other issues underwritten by MSDW. In addition, MSDW's
NetworthSM service aggregates, summarizes and delivers individual clients'
personal banking and investment account information in one convenient and
secure online location.

 International Private Client Group

  The International Private Client Group encompasses all of MSDW's activities
relating to individual securities, asset management and electronic commerce
for private investors located outside the U.S. These activities include mutual
fund offerings in Japan as well as financial advisory services in Japan and
non-Japan Asia. These activities also include private banking services and
other financial advisory services provided through Bank Morgan Stanley AG,
MSDW's Swiss bank subsidiary, as well as MSDW's Societes d'investissement a
capital variable (SICAV) mutual funds based in Luxembourg. MSDW provides asset
management and brokerage services for individual investors in Europe through
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, S.V., S.A. (formerly AB Asesores) and its network
of financial advisors in Spain and Portugal, and its minority equity stake in
Area Banca, a retail bank with a network of financial advisors in Italy. In
December 2000, MSDW agreed to acquire Quilter Holdings Limited, a leading
U.K.-based investment management business providing segregated account
management and advisory services to private individuals, pension funds and
trusts. See also "Asset Management."

Research

  MSDW's global research departments ("Research"), comprised of economists,
industry analysts and strategists, engage in a wide range of research
activities in the equity, fixed income and high-yield areas. Research produces
reports and studies on the economy, financial markets, portfolio strategy,
technical market analyses and industry developments. It analyzes worldwide
trends covering a broad range of industries and more than 2,300 individual
companies, half of which are located outside of the U.S. Research also
provides analyses and forecasts relating to economic and monetary developments
affecting matters such as interest rates, foreign currencies and securities
and economic trends. Research provides support for the sales and trading of
fixed income securities in the form of quantitative and credit analyses and
the development of research products that are distributed to MSDW's individual
and institutional clients. Research's numerous publications, such as the
"Investment Strategy Chartbook" and "The Competitive Edge", disseminate timely
data to both individual and institutional investors through a proprietary
database accessible via Client Link (one of MSDW's Internet technology
services) and through MSDW's financial advisors. In addition, Research
provides analytical support and publishes reports on mortgage-related
securities and the markets in which they are traded and does original research
on valuation techniques.

Other

  MSDW also engages in other businesses, including acting as principal and
agent in aircraft finance transactions. Acting as principal, MSDW acquires
aircraft outright or under leases, some of which are financed by the issuance
of non-recourse debt in the securitization markets. During fiscal 2000, MSDW
acquired Ansett Worldwide Aviation Services, one of the world's leading
aircraft leasing groups, supplying new and used commercial jet aircraft to
airlines around the world and providing a range of aviation support services.

                                       7
<PAGE>

Competition and Regulation

 Competition

  MSDW encounters intense competition in all aspects of its Securities
business and competes directly in the U.S. and on a worldwide basis with other
securities and financial services firms. Among the principal competitive
factors affecting MSDW's Securities business are MSDW's reputation, the
quality of its professionals and other personnel, its products and services,
relative pricing and its capability in originating and marketing innovative
products and services. In recent years, MSDW has experienced increased
competition for qualified employees, including from companies engaged in
Internet-related businesses and private equity funds, in addition to the
traditional competition for employees from the financial services, insurance
and management consulting industries. MSDW's ability to sustain or improve its
competitive position will substantially depend on its ability to continue to
attract and retain qualified employees. MSDW's competitive position is also
affected by its ability to access capital at competitive rates (which is
generally dependent on MSDW's credit ratings) and to commit capital
efficiently, particularly in its capital-intensive investment banking and
sales, trading, financing and market-making activities.

  In addition to competition from firms traditionally engaged in the financial
services business, MSDW has experienced increasing competition in recent years
from other sources, such as commercial banks, insurance companies, online
financial services providers, sponsors of mutual funds and other companies
offering financial services both in the U.S. and on a worldwide basis. The
financial services industry has continued to experience consolidation and
convergence as institutions involved in a broad range of financial services
industries, such as investment banking, brokerage, asset management,
commercial banking and insurance, have merged. Convergence is expected to
continue and could result in MSDW's competitors gaining greater capital and
other resources, such as a broader range of products and services and
geographic diversity. In addition, the passage of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
of 1999 (the "GLBA") in the U.S. has allowed commercial banks, securities
firms and insurance firms to affiliate, which has accelerated consolidation
and led to increasing competition in markets traditionally dominated by
investment banks and retail securities firms. The complementary trends in the
financial services industry of consolidation and globalization also present
technological, risk management and other infrastructure challenges that
require effective resource allocation in order for MSDW to remain competitive.

 Regulation

  MSDW's Securities business is, and the securities, commodities and financial
services industries generally are, subject to extensive regulation in the U.S.
at both the federal and state levels, and internationally. MSDW is subject to
the rules and regulations of the various regulatory bodies that are charged
with safeguarding the integrity of the securities and other financial markets
and with protecting the interests of customers participating in those markets.

  MS&Co. and DWR are registered as broker-dealers with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and in all 50 states, the District of Columbia
and Puerto Rico, and are members of various self-regulatory organizations,
including the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. (the "NASD"),
and various securities exchanges, including the New York Stock Exchange, Inc.
(the "NYSE"). Broker-dealers are subject to regulation by securities
administrators in those states in which they conduct business. Broker-dealers
are also subject to regulations that cover all aspects of the securities
business, including sales and trading practices, use and safekeeping of
customers' funds and securities, capital structure, record-keeping and the
conduct of directors, officers and employees. The SEC, other governmental
regulatory authorities, including state securities commissions, and self-
regulatory organizations may institute administrative proceedings against
broker-dealers or members, which could result in censure, fine, the issuance
of cease-and-desist orders, the suspension or expulsion from the securities
industry of such broker-dealer or member or its officers or employees, or
other similar consequences. Occasionally, MSDW's subsidiaries have been
subject to investigations, other proceedings and fines relating to infractions
of various regulations relating to their activities as broker-dealers, none of
which, to date, has had a material adverse effect on MSDW or its business.

                                       8
<PAGE>

  Margin lending by certain subsidiaries is subject to the margin rules of the
Federal Reserve Board restricting lending in connection with customer
purchases of securities, and such subsidiaries are also required by NASD and
NYSE rules to impose maintenance requirements on the amount of securities
contained in margin accounts. In many cases, MSDW's margin policies are more
stringent than these rules.

  As futures commission merchants, MS&Co. and DWR are registered with the
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC"), and their activities in the
futures and options-on-futures markets are subject to regulation by the CFTC
and various domestic boards of trade and other commodity exchanges. Certain
subsidiaries of MSDW are registered with the CFTC as commodity trading
advisers and/or commodity pool operators. MSDW's futures and options-on-
futures business is also regulated by the National Futures Association, a not-
for-profit membership corporation that the CFTC has designated as a registered
futures association, and of which MS&Co. and DWR are members.

  Certain of MSDW's government securities activities are conducted through
Morgan Stanley Market Products Inc., a member of the NASD registered as a
government securities broker-dealer with the SEC and in certain states. The
Department of the Treasury has promulgated regulations concerning, among other
things, capital adequacy, custody and use of government securities and
transfers and control of government securities subject to repurchase
transactions. The rules of the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, which
are enforced by the NASD, govern the municipal securities activities of MSDW.

  MSDW's Securities business is also subject to extensive regulation by
various non-U.S. governments, securities exchanges, central banks and
regulatory bodies, especially in those jurisdictions in which MSDW maintains
an office. For example, the Financial Services Authority, the Securities and
Futures Authority and a number of exchanges, including the London Stock
Exchange and the London International Financial Futures and Options Exchange,
regulate MSDW's Securities business in the U.K.; the Deutsche Borse AG, the
Bundesaufsichtsamt fur das Kreditwesen (the Federal Banking Supervisory
Authority) and Bundesaufsichtsamt fur den Wertpapierhandel (the Federal
Securities Trading Supervisory Authority), among others, regulate MSDW's
activities in the Federal Republic of Germany; the Financial Services Agency,
the Japanese Ministry of Finance, the Bank of Japan and the Japanese
Securities Dealers Association and several Japanese securities and futures
exchanges, including the Tokyo Stock Exchange, the Osaka Securities Exchange
and the Tokyo International Financial Futures Exchange, regulate MSDW's
Securities business in Japan; the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission,
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and the Hong Kong Futures Exchange
Limited regulate MSDW's Securities operations in Hong Kong; and the Monetary
Authority of Singapore and the Singapore Exchange Derivatives Trading Limited
regulate MSDW's business in Singapore.

  As registered broker-dealers and member firms of the NYSE, certain
subsidiaries of MSDW, including MS&Co. and DWR, are subject to the SEC's net
capital rule, and, as futures commission merchants, MS&Co. and DWR are subject
to the net capital requirements of the CFTC and various commodity exchanges.
Many non-U.S. securities exchanges and regulatory authorities also either have
imposed or are imposing rules relating to capital requirements that apply to
MSDW's subsidiaries. These rules, which specify minimum capital requirements,
are designed to measure general financial integrity and liquidity and require
that at least a minimum amount of assets be kept in relatively liquid form.
Compliance with the capital requirements may limit MSDW's operations that
require the intensive use of capital, such as underwriting, principal
investing, trading activities and the financing of customer account balances.
Such requirements also restrict MSDW's ability to withdraw capital from its
subsidiaries, which in turn may limit MSDW's ability to pay dividends, repay
debt or redeem or purchase shares of its outstanding capital stock. A change
in such rules or the imposition of new rules affecting the scope, coverage,
calculation or amount of capital requirements, or a significant operating loss
or any unusually large charge against capital, could adversely affect MSDW's
ability to pay dividends or to expand or maintain present business levels.

  New legislation or regulation, including any relating to the activities of
affiliates of broker-dealers, changes in rules promulgated by the SEC or other
U.S. or international governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory authorities
(such as changes to the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and related regulations or
rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board) or changes in
the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations, may
materially adversely affect the financial condition or results of operation of
MSDW.

                                       9
<PAGE>

                               ASSET MANAGEMENT

  At November 30, 2000, MSDW had $502 billion of assets under management or
supervision (which includes certain assets managed in the Securities
business). MSDW manages and administers a wide range of asset management
products for individual and institutional investors through MSDW Advisors, Van
Kampen, MSDW Investment Management and Miller Anderson.

Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Advisors

  MSDW Advisors develops, markets and manages a broad spectrum of proprietary
open- and closed-end mutual funds, and provides professional money management
services on a customized basis to affluent individuals, institutional
investors and retirement plan sponsors. MSDW Advisors' assets under management
include equities, taxable and tax-exempt fixed income securities and money
market instruments. Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Distributors Inc., a wholly-
owned subsidiary of MSDW and a registered broker-dealer ("MSDW Distributors"),
distributes shares of MSDW Advisors products that are open-end mutual funds
and has entered into agreements with DWR and other selected broker-dealers for
the marketing and distribution of such products.

Van Kampen Investments

  Van Kampen sponsors and markets open- and closed-end mutual funds for
individual and institutional shareholders and provides ongoing evaluation and
credit review for equity and fixed income UITs. Mutual fund offerings include
a broad range of fixed-income (taxable and tax-exempt) and equity products,
some of which are focused domestically and others with international scope.
Sponsored UITs include portfolios of equity securities and nationally
diversified and single-state insured and uninsured municipal securities and,
depending on market demand, also include portfolios of government securities,
insured and uninsured corporate debt securities and global fixed income
securities. Van Kampen distributes its investment products through a large and
diversified network of unaffiliated national and regional broker-dealers,
commercial banks and thrifts, insurance companies and their affiliated broker-
dealers and financial planners ("retail distribution firms"), as well as
MSDW's financial advisors. Van Kampen has preferred distribution relationships
with several unaffiliated retail distributors and a relatively small number of
retail distribution firms account for a substantial portion of sales of Van
Kampen products.

Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Investment Management and Miller Anderson &
Sherrerd

  MSDW Investment Management and Miller Anderson primarily manage financial
assets for institutions around the world, including pension funds,
corporations, non-profit organizations and governmental agencies. They offer a
full range of equity, fixed income and alternative investments in developed
and emerging markets, and a variety of investment styles, including value,
growth and blended; active and passive management; and diversified and
concentrated portfolios. Products are available through separate account
management, pooled vehicles, U.S. and non-U.S. mutual funds and variable
annuities. They also offer a broad range of fiduciary services for pension
funds and trusts. MSDW distributes certain domestic and international
investment products advised or sub-advised by MSDW Investment Management and
Miller Anderson through the distribution networks of MSDW Advisors and Van
Kampen and other non-proprietary distribution networks. See also
"International Private Client Group."

Competition and Regulation

 Competition

  MSDW's Asset Management business competes in the highly competitive
investment management industry, in which approximately 8,150 open-end funds
held over $6.8 trillion in assets as of November 30, 2000. A number of factors
affect competition in the sale of mutual funds, including investment
objectives and performance, advertising and sales promotion efforts, fee
levels, distribution channels and types and quality of services offered. In
addition to fund products offered by other broker-dealers, the funds offered
by MSDW compete with funds sold directly by investment management firms and
other providers, as well as with other investment alternatives sold by such
companies and by other financial institutions.

                                      10
<PAGE>

 Regulation

  MSDW and certain subsidiaries, including MS&Co., DWR, MSDW Advisors and
those related to Van Kampen, MSDW Investment Management and Miller Anderson,
are registered as investment advisers with the SEC and in certain states. Many
aspects of MSDW's investment advisory business are subject to federal and
state laws and regulations primarily intended to benefit the investment
product holder. These laws and regulations generally grant supervisory
agencies and bodies broad administrative powers, including the power to limit
or restrict MSDW from carrying on its investment advisory business in the
event that it fails to comply with such laws and regulations. Sanctions that
may be imposed for such failure include the suspension of individual
employees, limitations on MSDW's engaging in the investment advisory business
for specified periods of time, the revocation of registrations, other censures
and fines.

  MSDW's Asset Management business is also subject to regulation outside the
U.S. For example, the Investment Management Regulatory Organization Limited
regulates MSDW's business in the U.K.; the Japanese Ministry of Finance and
the Japan Securities Investment Advisors Association regulates MSDW's business
in Japan; the Securities and Exchange Board of India regulates MSDW's business
in India; and the Monetary Authority of Singapore regulates MSDW's business in
Singapore.

  Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Trust FSB ("MSDWT"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
MSDW, is a federally chartered savings bank subject to comprehensive
regulation and periodic examination by the federal Office of Thrift
Supervision ("OTS") and by the FDIC. MSDWT is also a registered transfer agent
and shareholder servicing agent subject to regulation and examination in such
capacity by the SEC. As a result of its ownership of MSDWT, MSDW is registered
with the OTS as a unitary savings and loan holding company ("SLHC") and
subject to regulation and examination by the OTS as a SLHC.

                                      11
<PAGE>

                                CREDIT SERVICES

  Based on its approximately 42.6 million general purpose credit card accounts
as of November 30, 2000, MSDW, through its Credit Services business, is one of
the largest single issuers of general purpose credit cards in the U.S. MSDW's
Credit Services business includes DFS, which operates Credit Services'
proprietary general purpose credit card business, and its Discover Business
Services, MSDW's proprietary merchant and cash access network.

Credit Cards and Services

  DFS offers general purpose credit cards designed to appeal to different
market segments of consumers for use through Discover Business Services. DFS
offers several brands of proprietary cards, including Discover Card, Discover
Platinum, the MSDW Card (offered in the U.K. on the Europay/MasterCard
network), as well as affinity cards. DFS offers cardmembers various products
and financial services, including home loans, credit insurance coverage and
auto insurance products. Cardmembers are also offered certificates of deposit
and money market accounts as well as the ability to transfer balances from
other credit sources.

  DFS also offers cardmembers numerous customer services, including many
available online. For instance, cardmembers may register their account online
with the Discover Card Account Center, which offers Discover Inter@ctive SM, a
menu of free e-mail notifications that regularly inform cardmembers about the
status of their accounts, including reminders that a cardmember's credit limit
is approaching or that a minimum payment is due. Cardmembers may also view
detailed account information online, such as recent transactions and account
payments. Cardmembers may pay their Discover Card bills online via the
SmartCheck SM payment option at no cost and receive exclusive discounts and
special Cashback Bonus(R) awards by shopping online at the Internet
ShopCenter SM. In addition, the Discover desksh.p SM 2.0 virtual credit card
enables cardmembers to use a single use credit card number (a unique credit
card number used for purchases at a single Web site) for online purchases so
that the cardmembers never have to reveal their actual card number online. As
of November 30, 2000, DFS had more than 4.5 million cardmembers registered on
the Discover Card Account Center.

Merchants

  Discover Card and Discover Platinum, as well as DFS's other proprietary
general purpose credit cards (exclusive of the MSDW Card), are accepted only
by merchants that are members of the Discover Business Services network. Since
its establishment in 1986, the Discover Business Services network has expanded
rapidly and is the largest independent credit card network in the U.S.,
consisting of approximately 4 million merchant and cash access locations
accepting credit cards carrying the Discover logo.

  DFS operates both the issuing and acquiring businesses in the U.S. and
accordingly retains the entire merchant fee paid for transactions effected
through the Discover Business Services network. Because of its independence
from the bankcard associations, DFS has the flexibility to provide customized
programs to its merchants in such areas as processing and the exchange of
business surplus online and to otherwise tailor program terms to meet specific
merchant needs. DFS employs its own national sales and support force, as well
as some independent sales agents, to increase and maintain its merchant base.
In addition, DFS conducts telemarketing operations for the purpose of
acquiring merchant business.

Marketing

  DFS, operating through Discover Bank (formerly Greenwood Trust Company) and
other domestic banking subsidiaries that issue its proprietary general purpose
credit cards, is distinguishable from credit card issuers that are members of
bankcard associations because it directly controls the brand image, features,
service level and pricing of the Discover Card and its other U.S. proprietary
general purpose credit cards to both cardmembers and merchants. In contrast,
bankcard association credit card issuers compete directly with other issuers
using the same brands and sharing common processes. Because DFS manages all
aspects of both cardmember and

                                      12
<PAGE>

merchant relationships with respect to its proprietary credit card programs,
it can determine and promote its advertising campaign on a consistent,
nationwide basis and control the campaign's content, timing and promotional
features.

  DFS promotes its proprietary general purpose credit cards through the use of
different and distinctive features that are designed to appeal to different
consumer bases. For instance, Discover Card and Discover Platinum offer the
Cashback Bonus award and no annual fee. Pursuant to the Cashback Bonus award
program, each year DFS pays cardmembers up to one percent of their purchase
amounts based upon their annual level and type of purchases. The Cashback
Bonus award is remitted to cardmembers in the form of a check or as a credit
to their accounts. If the Cashback Bonus award is five dollars or more,
Discover Platinum offers cardmembers the opportunity to exchange their
Cashback Bonus award checks for certificates from participating merchants
valued at double the check amounts.

Credit

  Credit reviews are conducted to establish that all cardmembers meet
standards of ability and willingness to pay. Applications that are not pre-
selected are evaluated by using a credit scoring system (a statistical
evaluation model) based on information provided by applicants and by the
credit bureaus. Applications not approved under the credit scoring system may
be selectively reviewed and approved by DFS's credit analysts.

  Applicants receiving pre-selected solicitations must satisfy DFS's specified
criteria. All recipients of pre-selected solicitations have been pre-screened
through credit bureaus utilizing industry and customized models. Pre-screening
is a process by which an independent credit reporting agency identifies
individuals satisfying creditworthiness criteria supplied by DFS (in the form
of a point scoring model or other screening factors) that are intended to
provide a general indication, based on available information, of such person's
ability and willingness to pay their financial obligations. Recipients who
respond to DFS's pre-selected solicitations are post-screened prior to
enrollment in order to confirm continued satisfaction of DFS's
creditworthiness criteria.

  Each cardmember's credit line is reviewed at least annually and may be
reviewed more frequently if requested by the cardmember or if DFS deems more
frequent review appropriate. Such reviews include scoring the cardmember's
payment behavior on the applicable account as well as reviewing the
cardmember's credit bureau record. Based on an account review the cardmember's
credit line may be raised or lowered or the account may be closed. In
addition, DFS, on a portfolio basis, performs periodic monitoring and review
of consumer behavior and risk profiles.

Operations

  DFS performs the functions required to service and operate its proprietary
cards' accounts either by itself or through agreements with third parties.
These functions include new account solicitation, application processing, new
account fulfillment, transaction authorization and processing, cardmember
billing, payment processing, fraud prevention and investigation, cardmember
services and collection of delinquent accounts. DFS maintains several
operations centers throughout the U.S. and one in Scotland. DFS's operations
are also supported by systems at computer centers operated by an unaffiliated
communication services provider.

Competition and Regulation

 Competition

  MSDW's Credit Services business competes in the highly competitive credit
card industry. The credit card market includes other bank-issued credit cards
(the vast majority of which bear the MasterCard or Visa servicemark) and
charge cards and credit cards issued by travel and entertainment companies.
Competition centers on merchant acceptance, account acquisition and customer
utilization. Merchant acceptance is based on both competitive transaction
pricing and the volume and usage of credit cards in circulation. Account and

                                      13
<PAGE>

customer utilization are driven by the offering of credit cards with
competitive and appealing features, such as no annual fees, low introductory
interest rates and other customized features targeting specific consumer
groups. The credit card industry has seen increased use of advertising,
targeted marketing and pricing competition in interest rates, annual fees and
reward programs. More recently, issuers have increased their efforts to
attract balances from competing sources of credit via low-priced balance
transfer programs.

 Regulation

  MSDW conducts portions of its Credit Services business in the U.S. through
various wholly-owned indirect subsidiaries that are banking institutions.
Discover Bank and Bank of New Castle are state banks chartered under the laws
of the State of Delaware, and MSDW Bank is an industrial loan company
chartered under the laws of the State of Utah (each a "Domestic Bank" and,
collectively, the "Domestic Banks"). Each of the Domestic Banks has its
deposits insured by the FDIC, pays FDIC assessments and is subject to
comprehensive regulation and periodic examination by the state banking
commissioner of the state in which it is chartered and by the FDIC.

  Generally, a company that controls a "bank," as defined in the Bank Holding
Company Act of 1956 (the "BHCA"), is required to register as a bank holding
company and is subject to regulation as a bank holding company by the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System. MSDW is permitted to own Bank of
New Castle and MSDW Bank without registering as a bank holding company because
neither of these institutions is considered to be a "bank" under the BHCA.
Pursuant to the BHCA (as amended by the Competitive Equality Banking Act of
1987 (the "CEBA") and more recently by the GLBA), Discover Bank may engage in
either commercial lending or taking demand deposits (but not both), in order
for MSDW to maintain its non-bank holding company status under the grandfather
provisions of the CEBA amendments to the BHCA.

  Federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations extensively
regulate the relationships among cardholders and credit card issuers. Under
federal law, each of the Domestic Banks may charge interest at the rate
allowed by the law of the state in which it is located and export such
interest rate to all other states. The states where the Domestic Banks are
domiciled do not limit the amount of interest that may be charged on loans of
the types offered by the Domestic Banks. Therefore, each of the Domestic Banks
may export interest rates pursuant to federal law. The application of federal
and state bankruptcy and debtor relief laws affect MSDW to the extent such
laws result in any loans being charged off as uncollectible.

  Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991
("FDICIA"), the federal bank regulatory agencies are required to take "prompt
corrective action" in respect of banks that do not meet minimum capital
requirements, and certain restrictions are imposed upon banks that meet
certain capital requirements but are not "well capitalized" for purposes of
FDICIA. A bank that is not well capitalized, as defined for purposes of
FDICIA, is, among other consequences, generally prohibited from accepting
brokered deposits and offering interest rates on any deposits significantly
higher than the prevailing rate in its normal market area or nationally
(depending upon where the deposits are solicited). Discover Bank currently
uses brokered deposits as a funding source and if it were not able to do so,
its funding costs could increase.

  Certain acquisitions of MSDW's common stock may be subject to regulatory
approval and notice under federal and state banking law. In addition, Discover
Bank would no longer qualify for grandfather rights under CEBA (as amended by
the GLBA) if direct or indirect control of Discover Bank were transferred to
an unaffiliated third party. In that event, the third party would have to
operate in a manner permissible for a bank holding company under the BHCA (as
amended by the GLBA).

  Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Bank Limited ("MSDW Bank Limited"), MSDW's
chartered bank in the U.K., is governed primarily by the U.K.'s Banking Act
1987. MSDW Bank Limited is subject to regulation related to capital adequacy,
consumer protection and deposit protection. The activities of MSDW Bank
Limited are supervised by the Financial Services Authority, which conducts
periodic examinations of its operations and records, and by the Office of Fair
Trading in relation to consumer credit activities.

                                      14
<PAGE>

Item 2. Properties*

  MSDW owns its executive offices, located at 1585 Broadway, New York, New
York, where it occupies approximately 958,000 square feet as its New York
headquarters. MSDW also owns a 600,000 square foot building in Riverwoods,
Illinois that houses Credit Services' executive offices and an adjacent 44
acre parcel that is currently planned for further office development.

  In 1999, construction began on a 1,100,000 square foot office tower at 745
Seventh Avenue, New York, New York, which MSDW will own. MSDW leases the land
under the building pursuant to a 99-year ground lease. MSDW intends to occupy
the building upon project completion, which is anticipated in fiscal 2002.

  MSDW leases 864,000 square feet at Two World Trade Center, New York, New
York, pursuant to a lease expiring on May 31, 2006, and also occupies space
aggregating approximately 2,000,000 square feet at various other locations in
New York City under leases expiring between 2001 and 2013. In addition, MSDW
leases space aggregating approximately 417,000 square feet in Brooklyn, New
York under a lease expiring in 2013.

  MSDW's London headquarters are located at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, and
occupy approximately 641,000 square feet (inclusive of common areas). MSDW
owns the ground lease obligation and the freehold interest in the land and the
building. MSDW also leases approximately 350,000 square feet at 20 Cabot
Square, Canary Wharf, under a lease arrangement expiring in 2020. In fiscal
2000, MSDW committed to leasing for 25 years an aggregate of approximately
677,000 square feet in two buildings currently under construction at Canary
Wharf. The leases are expected to commence in 2001 and 2003.

  MSDW's Tokyo headquarters are located in Sapporo's Yebisu Garden Place,
Ebisu, Shibuya-ku, where MSDW occupies approximately 287,058 square feet of
office space under a lease arrangement expiring in 2002, but renewable at
MSDW's option in two-year increments.

  MSDW's subsidiaries have offices, operations and processing centers and
warehouse facilities located throughout the U.S., and certain subsidiaries
maintain offices and other facilities in international locations. MSDW's
properties that are not owned are leased on terms and for durations that are
reflective of commercial standards in the communities where these properties
are located. Facilities owned or occupied by MSDW and its subsidiaries are
believed to be adequate for the purposes for which they are currently used and
are well maintained.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings

 MSDW is involved in the following litigation matters:

  I. Term Trust Class Actions. A putative class action, Thomas D. Keeley, et
al. v. Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. et al. (the "Keeley Action"), was commenced
in the California Superior Court, Orange County, on October 27, 1994 and later
consolidated with three similar class actions. Defendants are MSDW, DWR, Dean
Witter Distributors, Dean Witter InterCapital Inc., Dean Witter Services
Company Inc., TCW Management Co., Trust Company of the West, TCW Asset
Management Co., Inc., TCW Funds Management, Inc. and eight individuals,
including two DWR employees. Plaintiffs allege breach of fiduciary duty,
unjust enrichment, fraud, deceit and violation of the California Corporation
Code in the marketing and selling of the TCW/DW Term Trusts 2000, 2002 and
2003. Plaintiffs seek unspecified compensatory and punitive damages. In the
Keeley Action, defendants' motions for judgment on the pleadings were denied
on June 23, 1997. On June 1, 1998, the plaintiff's motion to certify the class
was granted as to a California statewide class and denied as to a nationwide
class. On December 14, 2000, the parties announced an agreement, subject to
court approval, to settle the matter. On October 13, 1998, three separate
state court actions were filed in New Jersey, New York and Florida. The
defendants' motions to dismiss the New Jersey and New York actions were
granted on February 2, 2000 and May 3, 2000, respectively, and the dismissals
were not appealed. The Florida action was removed to the U.S. District Court
for the Middle District of Florida on November 10, 1998 and was remanded to
state court by order dated October 2, 2000.

- --------
* The indicated total aggregate square footage leased by MSDW does not include
  space occupied by MSDW's securities branch offices.

                                      15
<PAGE>

  On November 20, 2000 the Department of Enforcement of the National
Association of Securities Dealers Regulation, Inc. ("NASDR") issued a
complaint against DWR and two individual respondents alleging violations of
certain NASDR Conduct Rules, including misrepresentation and omissions, in
connection with the internal marketing relating to the sale of three TCW/DW
Term Trusts in 1992 and 1993. The complaint generally requests sanctions,
disgorgement and costs that are not specified in detail. All three respondents
filed answers to the complaint denying all material allegations on December
18, 2000.

  II. In re Merrill Lynch, et al. Securities Litigation. On January 19, 1995,
a putative class action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District
of New Jersey on behalf of all persons who placed market orders to purchase or
sell securities listed on the National Association of Securities Dealers
Automated Quotation System ("NASDAQ") with DWR between November 4, 1992 and
November 4, 1994. The complaint, consolidated with another action against
other brokerage firms, seeks unspecified damages and alleges that DWR failed
to provide best execution of customer market orders for NASDAQ securities. The
complaint asserts claims for violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder and state law
claims for breach of fiduciary duty and unjust enrichment. On December 15,
1995, the district court granted summary judgment in favor of DWR and, on June
19, 1997, a three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit affirmed. On January 30, 1998, the full Court of Appeals, sitting in
banc, reversed and remanded the action to the district court for further
proceedings. On April 30, 1998, a petition for a writ of certiorari to the
U.S. Supreme Court was filed by the defendants. On June 12, 1998, plaintiffs
filed a motion for leave to file an amended complaint to extend the end date
for the class period from November 4, 1994 to August 28, 1996 and to name new
class representatives. On July 21, 1998, the Magistrate granted the
plaintiffs' motion to file an amended complaint. Defendants have appealed that
ruling to the district court judge. On October 5, 1998, the U.S. Supreme Court
denied the petition for certiorari. On November 8, 1999, the district court
denied plaintiffs' motion for class certification. The U.S. Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit agreed to hear plaintiffs' appeal of the denial of class
certification by order dated May 12, 2000.

  III. Penalty Bid Litigation. On or about August 21, 1998, a purported class
action complaint, Friedman, et al. v. Salomon Smith Barney, et al., was filed
in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against MSDW
and nine other underwriters of securities. An amended complaint dated February
15, 1999, was filed against MSDW and sixteen other underwriters of securities.
The amended plaintiff class purports to consist of all retail brokerage
customers who purchased securities in public offerings from defendants and
their alleged co-conspirators at artificially inflated prices. The amended
complaint alleges that defendants and their co-conspirators engaged in anti-
competitive activity with respect to the distribution of securities in public
offerings by agreeing (i) to discourage retail customers from "flipping" or
selling shares purchased in public offerings prior to the expiration of a
purported "retail restricted period" (a period alleged to have been
arbitrarily set by the syndicate manager during which restraints on retail
accounts are imposed), and/or (ii) to penalize retail customers who "flipped,"
and/or (iii) otherwise to prevent retail customers from "flipping." The
amended complaint also alleges that similar restraints were not imposed on
institutional purchasers of shares in public offerings. The amended complaint
alleges violations of Section 1 of the Sherman Act and breach of fiduciary
duty, and seeks compensatory, treble and punitive damages in unspecified
amounts, injunctive relief, costs and expenses, including attorneys',
accountants' and experts' fees. On December 7, 2000, defendants' motion to
dismiss was granted with prejudice. On January 22, 2001, plaintiffs' motion
for reconsideration was denied.

  Another purported class action, captioned Myers v. Merrill Lynch & Co.,
Inc., et al., was filed on or about August 17, 1998 in California Superior
Court, San Francisco County, against Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc., Paine Webber
Group Incorporated, MSDW, Travelers Group Inc., Legg Mason Inc., H.J. Meyers &
Co., Inc. and The Bear Stearns Companies Inc. The complaint alleges that
defendants sold the stock of public companies to investors in public offerings
without disclosing the existence of restrictions on "flipping" and serious
conflicts of interest with investors resulting from financial and other
penalties imposed on brokers and clients for "flipping." The complaint also
alleges that similar restrictions were not imposed on larger institutional
purchasers of stock in those offerings. The complaint asserts claims for
unfair competition and false advertising under various sections of the
California Business and Professions Code (the "Business Code"), negligent

                                      16
<PAGE>

misrepresentations under the California Civil Code and unfair, fraudulent and
unlawful business practices under the Business Code. The complaint seeks
injunctive relief and an award of costs and expenses, including attorneys' and
experts' fees. On September 15, 1998, the action was removed to the U.S.
District Court for the Northern District of California. On October 30, 1998,
defendants filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. On August 23, 1999, the
court denied plaintiffs' motion to remand the action and granted a motion
filed by certain defendants to dismiss the complaint on the grounds of
preemption. On September 23, 1999, plaintiffs appealed the decision to the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.

  IV. IPO Fee Litigation. On March 15, 1999, a consolidated amended complaint
(consolidating three purported class action complaints filed in November and
December of 1998 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New
York), captioned In re Public Offering Fee Antitrust Litigation, was filed
against MSDW and 24 other underwriters in the U.S. District Court for the
Southern District of New York. The consolidated amended complaint alleges that
defendants conspired to fix the "fee" paid by purported class members to buy
and sell IPO securities of U.S. companies by invariably setting the
underwriters' spread at 7%, particularly in issuances of $20 to $80 million,
in violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act. The consolidated amended
complaint seeks treble damages and injunctive relief, as well as costs,
including reasonable attorneys' fees. On April 29, 1999, defendants filed a
motion to dismiss the amended complaint. On July 21, 2000, plaintiffs filed a
motion to amend the complaint to add an issuer plaintiff.

  Two additional purported class actions were filed by issuer plaintiffs
against MSDW and other underwriters, captioned CHS Electronics, Inc. v. Credit
Suisse First Boston Corporation, et al. (U.S. District Court for the Southern
District of Florida on or about August 3, 2000) and Weinman v. Salomon Smith
Barney Inc., et al. (U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York
on or about October 13, 2000), respectively. By court order, both actions were
consolidated with In re Public Offering Fee Antitrust Litigation on January
12, 2001.

  On February 9, 2001, the court in In re Public Offering Fee Antitrust
Litigation dismissed the consolidated amended complaint with prejudice and
also denied plaintiffs' motion to further amend the complaint to add an issuer
plaintiff. The CHS Electronics and Weinman actions were not affected by this
decision.

  V. Other. In addition to the matters described above, MSDW, including MS&Co.
and DWR, has been named from time to time as a defendant in various legal
actions, including arbitrations, arising in connection with its activities as
a global diversified financial services institution, certain of which include
large claims for punitive damages. MSDW, including MS&Co. and DWR, is also
involved, from time to time, in investigations and proceedings by governmental
and self-regulatory agencies. Some of these legal actions, investigations and
proceedings may result in adverse judgments, penalties or fines.

  In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of such
matters, particularly in cases, such as some of those described above in which
substantial damages are sought, MSDW cannot state what the eventual outcome of
pending matters will be. MSDW is contesting the allegations made in each
pending matter and believes, based on current knowledge and after consultation
with counsel, that the outcome of such matters will not have a material
adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition of MSDW, but may be
material to MSDW's operating results for any particular period, depending on
the level of MSDW's income for such period.

                                      17
<PAGE>

                     EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

  The following table sets forth certain information concerning executive
officers of MSDW (all of whom are members of MSDW's Management Committee) as
of February 16, 2001.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
        Name and Age               Present Title and Principal Occupation
        ------------               --------------------------------------
 <C>                         <S>
 Philip J. Purcell, 57...... Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief
                             Executive Officer of MSDW since the Merger. Mr.
                             Purcell was the Chairman of the Board of Directors
                             and Chief Executive Officer of Dean Witter
                             Discover from 1986 until the Merger. He is a
                             trustee or director of approximately 100
                             registered investment companies for which MSDW
                             Advisors serves as investment manager or
                             investment adviser. Mr. Purcell is also a director
                             of AMR Corporation.

 John J. Mack, 56*.......... President, Chief Operating Officer and Director of
                             MSDW since the Merger. Mr. Mack was the President
                             of Morgan Stanley from June 1993 until the Merger.
                             He was a Director and a Managing Director of
                             Morgan Stanley from December 1987 until the
                             Merger.

 Tarek F. Abdel-Meguid, 45.. Head of MSDW's Worldwide Investment Banking
                             Division since September 2000. Mr. Abdel-Meguid
                             was deputy head of MSDW's Worldwide Investment
                             Banking Division from 1997 until September 2000
                             and was deputy head and then head of Morgan
                             Stanley's Corporate Finance Department from June
                             1995 until the Merger. He has been a Managing
                             Director of MS&Co. since 1991.

 Stephen S. Crawford, 36*... Executive Vice President and Chief Strategic and
                             Administrative Officer of MSDW since June 2000.
                             Mr. Crawford joined Morgan Stanley in 1986 and has
                             been a Managing Director of MS&Co. since 1998.

 Zoe Cruz, 46............... Head of MSDW's Worldwide Fixed Income Division
                             since September 2000. Ms. Cruz was head of MSDW's
                             Foreign Exchange Division from August 1993 until
                             September 2000. Ms. Cruz has been a Managing
                             Director of MS&Co. since 1990.

 John P. Havens, 44......... Head of MSDW's Worldwide Institutional Equity
                             Division since September 2000. Mr. Havens has been
                             a Managing Director of MS&Co. since January 1990.

 Donald G. Kempf, Jr., 63... Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and
                             Secretary of MSDW since December 1999. Prior to
                             joining MSDW, Mr. Kempf had been a partner at the
                             law firm of Kirkland & Ellis from 1971 and a
                             member of its management committee from 1981 until
                             1998.

 Mitchell M. Merin, 47...... President and Chief Operating Officer of the Asset
                             Management Division since December 1998. Mr. Merin
                             has been President and Director of MSDW Advisors
                             since April 1997 and its Chief Executive Officer
                             since June 1998. He was Executive Vice President
                             and Chief Administrative Officer of Dean Witter
                             Discover from 1994 until the Merger. He is
                             President of approximately 100 registered
                             investment companies for which MSDW Advisors
                             serves as investment manager or investment
                             adviser. He is also a trustee or director of
                             approximately 25 registered investment companies
                             for which Van Kampen (or a subsidiary thereof)
                             serves as investment manager or investment
                             adviser.
</TABLE>

                                      18
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
       Name and Age               Present Title and Principal Occupation
       ------------               --------------------------------------

 <C>                       <S>
 David W. Nelms, 39....... President and Chief Operating Officer of Discover
                           Financial Services and Chairman of Discover Bank
                           since September 1998. Mr. Nelms was a senior
                           executive from 1992 until 1998 at MBNA America Bank
                           where his last position was Vice Chairman.

 Stephan F. Newhouse, 53.. Co-President and Chief Operating Officer of MSDW's
                           Institutional Securities Group since September 2000
                           and Chairman of Morgan Stanley International
                           Incorporated since January 2001. Mr. Newhouse was
                           deputy head of MSDW's Institutional Securities Group
                           from December 1997 until September 2000.
                           Mr. Newhouse has been a Director and Vice Chairman
                           of MS&Co. since December 1997 and a Managing
                           Director of MS&Co. since 1988.

 Vikram S. Pandit, 44..... Co-President and Chief Operating Officer of MSDW's
                           Institutional Securities Group since September 2000.
                           Mr. Pandit was head of MSDW's Worldwide
                           Institutional Equity Division from the Merger until
                           September 2000. Mr. Pandit was head of Morgan
                           Stanley's Equity Division from January 1997 until
                           the Merger and was head of Morgan Stanley's Equity
                           Derivatives business from May 1994 until December
                           1996. Mr. Pandit has been a Managing Director of
                           MS&Co. since January 1990.

 Joseph R. Perella, 59.... Chairman of MSDW's Institutional Securities Group
                           since September 2000. Mr. Perella was head of MSDW's
                           Worldwide Investment Banking Division from the
                           Merger until September 2000. He was head of Morgan
                           Stanley's Investment Banking Division from January
                           1997 until the Merger and was head of Morgan
                           Stanley's Corporate Finance Department from May 1995
                           until December 1996. He has been a Director of
                           MS&Co. since March 1994 and a Managing Director of
                           MS&Co. since November 1993.

 John H. Schaefer, 48..... President and Chief Operating Officer of MSDW's
                           Individual Investor Group since June 2000. Mr.
                           Schaefer was Executive Vice President and Chief
                           Strategic and Administrative Officer of MSDW from
                           June 1998 until June 2000. Mr. Schaefer was head of
                           Corporate and Strategic Planning for MSDW from the
                           Merger until June 1998. Mr. Schaefer was Executive
                           Vice President and Director of Corporate Finance for
                           Dean Witter Discover from 1991 until the Merger.

 Robert G. Scott, 55*..... Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
                           of MSDW since the Merger. Mr. Scott was the head of
                           Morgan Stanley's Investment Banking Division from
                           1994 to 1996 and has been a Director and a Managing
                           Director of MS&Co. since 1979.
</TABLE>
- --------
*  Mr. Mack resigned from MSDW and the Board of Directors, effective March 21,
   2001. Mr. Scott has been named to succeed Mr. Mack as President, Chief
   Operating Officer and a member of the Board (term expiring in 2003) and Mr.
   Crawford has been named to succeed Mr. Scott as Chief Financial Officer.

                                      19
<PAGE>

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

  No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders during the fiscal
quarter ended November 30, 2000.

                                    PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

  MSDW's common stock trades on the NYSE and The Pacific Exchange. MSDW had
approximately 130,000 stockholders of record at November 30, 2000; however,
the number of beneficial owners of common stock is believed to exceed this
number.

  Set forth below is the low and high sales prices per share of MSDW's common
stock for each full quarterly period within the two most recent fiscal periods
and the frequency and amount of any cash dividends declared per share of
MSDW's common stock for the two most recent fiscal periods.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    Low       High
                                                 Sale Price Sale Price Dividends
                                                 ---------- ---------- ---------
   <S>                                           <C>        <C>        <C>
   Fiscal 2000:
     Fourth Quarter.............................   $60.63    $110.00     $0.20
     Third Quarter..............................   $70.13    $108.50     $0.20
     Second Quarter.............................   $62.38    $ 97.38     $0.20
     First Quarter..............................   $58.63    $ 71.44     $0.20

   Fiscal 1999:(1)
     Fourth Quarter.............................   $42.00    $ 63.75     $0.12
     Third Quarter..............................   $40.50    $ 52.59     $0.12
     Second Quarter.............................   $44.28    $ 58.47     $0.12
     First Quarter..............................   $31.16    $ 48.94     $0.12
</TABLE>
- --------
(1) Amounts have been retroactively adjusted to give effect to a two-for-one
    common stock split, effected in the form of a 100% stock dividend, which
    became effective on January 26, 2000.

  To enhance its ongoing stock repurchase program, during the quarter ended
November 30, 2000, MSDW sold European-style put options on an aggregate of 3.5
million shares of its common stock, of which put options on 3 million shares
remained outstanding at November 30, 2000. The sale of these put options,
which were made as private placements to third parties, generated proceeds to
MSDW of approximately $14.9 million. At November 30, 2000, the outstanding put
options had various maturity dates that ranged from January 2001 through April
2001. The outstanding put options entitled the holders to sell common stock to
MSDW at prices ranging from $72.00 to $81.88 per share.


                                      20
<PAGE>

Item 6. Selected Financial Data

                        MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

                            SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
             (dollars in millions, except share and per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  Fiscal Year(1)
                                      ----------------------------------------
                                       2000    1999    1998     1997    1996
                                      ------- ------- -------  ------- -------
<S>                                   <C>     <C>     <C>      <C>     <C>
Income Statement Data:
Revenues:
  Investment banking................. $ 5,008 $ 4,523 $ 3,340  $ 2,694 $ 2,190
  Principal transactions:
    Trading..........................   7,393   5,830   3,159    3,191   2,659
    Investments......................     193     725      89      463      86
Commissions..........................   3,645   2,774   2,208    2,066   1,776
Fees:
  Asset management, distribution and
   administration....................   4,219   3,324   3,003    2,525   1,732
  Merchant and cardmember............   1,780   1,492   1,647    1,704   1,505
  Servicing..........................   1,450   1,194     928      762     809
Interest and dividends...............  21,234  14,880  16,386   13,583  11,288
Other................................     491     248     282      144     126
                                      ------- ------- -------  ------- -------
  Total revenues.....................  45,413  34,990  31,042   27,132  22,171
Interest expense.....................  18,176  12,515  13,464   10,806   8,934
Provision for consumer loan losses...     810     529   1,173    1,493   1,214
                                      ------- ------- -------  ------- -------
  Net revenues.......................  26,427  21,946  16,405   14,833  12,023
                                      ------- ------- -------  ------- -------
Non-interest expenses:
  Compensation and benefits..........  10,936   8,398   6,636    6,019   5,071
  Other..............................   7,000   5,820   5,069    4,466   3,835
  Merger-related expenses............     --      --      --        74     --
                                      ------- ------- -------  ------- -------
  Total non-interest expenses........  17,936  14,218  11,705   10,559   8,906
                                      ------- ------- -------  ------- -------
Gain on sale of businesses...........      35     --      685      --      --
                                      ------- ------- -------  ------- -------
Income before income taxes and
 cumulative effect of accounting
 change..............................   8,526   7,728   5,385    4,274   3,117
Provision for income taxes...........   3,070   2,937   1,992    1,688   1,137
                                      ------- ------- -------  ------- -------
Income before cumulative effect of
 accounting change...................   5,456   4,791   3,393    2,586   1,980
Cumulative effect of accounting
 change..............................     --      --     (117)     --      --
                                      ------- ------- -------  ------- -------
Net income........................... $ 5,456 $ 4,791 $ 3,276  $ 2,586 $ 1,980
                                      ======= ======= =======  ======= =======
Earnings applicable to common
 shares(2)........................... $ 5,420 $ 4,747 $ 3,221  $ 2,520 $ 1,914
                                      ======= ======= =======  ======= =======
Per Share Data(3):
Earnings per common share:
  Basic before cumulative effect of
   accounting change................. $  4.95 $  4.33 $  2.90  $  2.19 $  1.67
  Cumulative effect of accounting
   change............................     --      --    (0.10)     --      --
                                      ------- ------- -------  ------- -------
  Basic.............................. $  4.95 $  4.33 $  2.80  $  2.19 $  1.67
                                      ======= ======= =======  ======= =======
  Diluted before cumulative effect of
   accounting change................. $  4.73 $  4.10 $  2.76  $  2.08 $  1.58
  Cumulative effect of accounting
   change............................     --      --    (0.09)     --      --
                                      ------- ------- -------  ------- -------
  Diluted............................ $  4.73 $  4.10 $  2.67  $  2.08 $  1.58
                                      ======= ======= =======  ======= =======
</TABLE>

                                       21
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     Fiscal Year(1)
                          -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              2000           1999           1998           1997           1996
                          -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
<S>                       <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Book value per common
 share..................  $       16.91  $       14.85  $       11.94  $       11.06  $        9.22
Dividends per common
 share..................  $        0.80  $        0.48  $        0.40  $        0.28  $        0.22

Balance Sheet and Other
Operating Data:
Total assets............  $     426,794  $     366,967  $     317,590  $     302,287  $     238,860
Consumer loans, net.....         21,090         20,229         15,209         20,033         21,262
Total capital(4)........         49,637         39,699         37,922         33,577         31,152
Long-term
 borrowings(4)..........         30,366         22,685         23,803         19,621         19,450
Shareholders' equity....         19,271         17,014         14,119         13,956         11,702
Return on average common
 shareholders' equity...           30.9%          32.6%          24.5%          22.0%          20.0%
Average common and
 equivalent
 shares(2)(3)...........  1,095,858,438  1,096,789,720  1,151,645,450  1,149,636,466  1,146,713,860
</TABLE>
- --------
(1) Fiscal 1996 represents the combination of Morgan Stanley Group Inc.'s
    financial statements for the fiscal year ended November 30 with Dean
    Witter, Discover & Co.'s financial statements for the year ended December
    31.

(2) Amounts shown are used to calculate basic earnings per common share.

(3) Amounts have been retroactively adjusted to give effect for a two-for-one
    common stock split, effected in the form of a 100% stock dividend, which
    became effective on January 26, 2000.

(4) These amounts exclude the current portion of long-term borrowings and
    include Capital Units and Preferred Securities Issued by Subsidiaries.

                                      22
<PAGE>

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations

          MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
                           AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Introduction

The Company

  Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co. (the "Company") is a global financial
services firm that maintains leading market positions in each of its three
business segments--Securities, Asset Management and Credit Services. The
Company's Securities business includes securities underwriting and
distribution; merger, acquisition, restructuring, real estate, project finance
and other corporate finance advisory activities; full-service brokerage and
financial advisory services; sales, trading, financing and market-making in
equity and fixed income securities, foreign exchange and commodities, and
derivatives; and private equity and other principal investing activities. The
Company's Asset Management business provides global asset management products
and services to individual and institutional investors primarily through
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Advisors, Van Kampen Investments, Morgan Stanley
Dean Witter Investment Management and Miller Anderson & Sherrerd. The
Company's Credit Services business includes the issuance of the Discover(R)
Card, the Discover Platinum Card, the Morgan Stanley Dean WitterSM Card and
other proprietary general purpose credit cards; and the operation of Discover
Business Services, a proprietary network of merchant and cash access locations
in the U.S.

  The Company's results of operations for the 12 months ended November 30,
2000 ("fiscal 2000"), November 30, 1999 ("fiscal 1999") and November 30, 1998
("fiscal 1998") are discussed below.

Results of Operations

Certain Factors Affecting Results of Operations

  The Company's results of operations may be materially affected by market
fluctuations and by economic factors. In addition, results of operations in
the past have been, and in the future may continue to be, materially affected
by many factors of a global nature, including economic and market conditions;
the availability and cost of capital; the level and volatility of equity
prices and interest rates; currency values and other market indices;
technological changes and events (such as the increased use of the Internet to
conduct electronic commerce and the continued development of electronic
communications trading networks); the availability and cost of credit;
inflation; investor sentiment; and legislative, legal and regulatory
developments. Such factors also may have an impact on the Company's ability to
achieve its strategic objectives on a global basis, including (without
limitation) continued increased market share in its securities activities,
growth in assets under management and the expansion of its Credit Services
business.

  The Company's Securities business, particularly its involvement in primary
and secondary markets for all types of financial products, including
derivatives, is subject to substantial positive and negative fluctuations due
to a variety of factors that cannot be predicted with great certainty,
including variations in the fair value of securities and other financial
products and the volatility and liquidity of global trading markets.
Fluctuations also occur due to the level of global market activity, which,
among other things, affects the size, number and timing of investment banking
client assignments and transactions and the realization of returns from the
Company's private equity and other principal investments. The level of global
market activity also could impact the flow of investment capital into mutual
funds and the way in which such capital is allocated among money market,
equity, fixed income or other investment alternatives, which could cause
fluctuations to occur in the Company's Asset Management business. In the
Company's Credit Services business, changes in economic variables, such as the
number and size of personal bankruptcy filings, the rate of unemployment and
the level of consumer debt, may substantially affect consumer loan levels and
credit quality, which, in turn, could impact overall Credit Services results.

  The Company's results of operations also may be materially affected by
competitive factors. Included among the principal competitive factors
affecting the Securities business are the quality of its professionals and

                                      23
<PAGE>

other personnel, its products and services, relative pricing and innovation.
Competition in the Company's Asset Management business is affected by a number
of factors, including investment objectives and performance; advertising and
sales promotion efforts; and the level of fees, distribution channels and
types and quality of services offered. In Credit Services, competition centers
on merchant acceptance of credit cards, credit cardmember acquisition and
customer utilization of credit cards, all of which are impacted by the type of
fees, interest rates and other features offered.

  In addition to competition from firms traditionally engaged in the financial
services business, there has been increased competition in recent years from
other sources, such as commercial banks, insurance companies, online service
providers, sponsors of mutual funds and other companies offering financial
services both in the U.S. and globally. The financial services industry has
continued to experience consolidation and convergence as financial
institutions involved in a broad range of financial services industries have
merged. This convergence trend is expected to continue and could result in the
Company's competitors gaining greater capital and other resources, such as a
broader range of products and services and geographic diversity. In addition,
the passage of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in the U.S., effectively repealing
certain sections of the 1933 Glass-Steagall Act, has allowed commercial banks,
securities firms and insurance firms to affiliate, which has accelerated
consolidation and may lead to increasing competition in markets which
traditionally have been dominated by investment banks and retail securities
firms.

  The Company also has experienced increased competition for qualified
employees in recent years, including from companies engaged in Internet-
related businesses and private equity funds, in addition to the traditional
competition for employees from the financial services, insurance and
management consulting industries. The Company's ability to sustain or improve
its competitive position will substantially depend on its ability to continue
to attract and retain qualified employees.

  As a result of the above economic and competitive factors, net income and
revenues in any particular period may not be representative of full-year
results and may vary significantly from year to year and from quarter to
quarter. The Company intends to manage its business for the long term and to
mitigate the potential effects of market downturns by strengthening its
competitive position in the global financial services industry through
diversification of its revenue sources and enhancement of its global
franchise. The Company's overall financial results will continue to be
affected by its ability and success in maintaining high levels of profitable
business activities, emphasizing fee-based assets that are designed to
generate a continuing stream of revenues, evaluating credit product pricing,
managing risks in the Securities, Asset Management and Credit Services
businesses, and managing costs. In addition, the complementary trends in the
financial services industry of consolidation and globalization present, among
other things, technological, risk management and other infrastructure
challenges that will require effective resource allocation in order for the
Company to remain competitive.

  The Company believes that technological advancements in the Internet and the
growth of electronic commerce will continue to present both challenges and
opportunities to the Company and has led to significant changes and
innovations in the financial markets and financial services industry as a
whole. The Company's initiatives in this area have included Web-enabling
existing businesses or enhancing client communication and access to
information and services as well as making investments, or otherwise
participating, in alternative trading systems, electronic communications
networks and related businesses or technologies. The Company expects to
continue to augment these initiatives in the future.

Global Market and Economic Conditions in Fiscal 2000

  Global market and economic conditions during fiscal 2000 were generally more
challenging in comparison with those experienced during the prior fiscal year.
During fiscal 1999 and the first half of fiscal 2000, the vigorous pace of
global economic expansion frequently gave rise to indications of increasing
inflationary pressures. In an effort to mitigate these conditions, several
interest rate increases were initiated by major central banks globally,
particularly in the U.S. and Europe, which increased corporate and consumer
borrowing costs. As a result of the rising global interest rate environment
and a sharp rise in the level of energy prices, it appeared

                                      24
<PAGE>

more likely that the rate of global economic growth would decelerate in the
future. These conditions, coupled with indications of slowing corporate
earnings growth, led to difficult conditions in global equity and fixed income
securities markets, particularly during the latter half of fiscal 2000.
However, despite the presence of less favorable global market and economic
conditions, the Company achieved record results in fiscal 2000 as each of its
three business segments (Securities, Asset Management and Credit Services)
generated record levels of net income. The Company's Securities business
benefited from record revenues in its investment banking, equity trading and
commodity trading activities and ended the fiscal year with record levels of
financial advisors and customer accounts. In the Company's Asset Management
business, customer assets under management or supervision increased to record
levels during fiscal 2000, while results in the Company's Credit Services
business reflected a continued improvement in the credit quality of cardmember
receivables as well as record levels of cardmember transaction volume and
managed consumer loans (see "Business Segments" herein).

  In the U.S., the domestic economy exhibited positive fundamentals and a
strong rate of growth during much of fiscal 2000. Several favorable economic
trends, such as historically low levels of unemployment, high levels of
consumer confidence and spending, strong productivity gains and a high demand
for imports, continued to persist. However, throughout fiscal 1999 and the
first half of fiscal 2000, the ongoing expansion of the U.S. economy, coupled
with a tight domestic labor market, increased fears of accelerating inflation.
In an effort to slow the U.S. economy and to mitigate inflationary pressures,
the Federal Reserve Board (the "Fed") continued to tighten monetary policy
during fiscal 2000 by raising the overnight lending rate on two separate
occasions by an aggregate of 0.75%. Between June 1999 and May 2000, the Fed
raised the overnight lending rate on six occasions aggregating 1.75%. During
the latter half of fiscal 2000, there were indications that the Fed's interest
rate actions were beginning to have the desired impact on the U.S. economy.
However, the prospects for slower economic growth in the future and its impact
on corporate earnings contributed to declines in U.S. financial markets as the
major stock market indices (the Standard & Poor's 500, the Dow Jones
Industrial Average and the NASDAQ) all were lower at the end of fiscal 2000
than at the beginning of the year. The decline in the market values of
Internet and technology stocks and high-yield fixed income securities was
particularly significant. The sharp rise in global energy prices, coupled with
lingering uncertainty over the resolution of the U.S. presidential election,
also contributed to periods of increased volatility in the financial markets
during the latter half of fiscal 2000. At fiscal year-end, there remained much
uncertainty as to whether the Fed would ease its interest rate policy should
the indications of slowing economic growth in the U.S. persist in the future.

  Economic conditions within Europe also contributed to periods of heightened
volatility in the region's financial markets during fiscal 2000. The rates of
economic growth within the U.K. and the European Union (the "EU") were
generally strong in the first half of fiscal 2000, although the euro fell to
record lows against the U.S. dollar during fiscal 2000 as the growth rate of
the U.S. economy continued to outpace the growth rate within the EU. The
region's level of economic growth, coupled with the falling value of the euro
and the sharp rise in global energy prices, gave rise to fears of accelerating
inflation. As a result, during fiscal 2000, the European Central Bank (the
"ECB") raised interest rates within the EU on six occasions by an aggregate of
1.75%. The Bank of England also raised interest rates within the U.K. on two
occasions by an aggregate of 0.50%. Investor uncertainty as to the region's
future growth prospects in light of rising energy prices and a potential
slowdown of the U.S. economy contributed to the decline in many of the major
stock market indices within the European region during fiscal 2000.

  Economic conditions also were challenging in the Far East during fiscal
2000. In Japan, there were indications that the steps taken by its government
to increase economic activity, including bank bailouts, emergency loans,
stimulus packages and tax cuts for both individuals and corporations, were
beginning to have a favorable impact on the nation's economic performance. As
a result, during fiscal 2000, the Bank of Japan raised interest rates by 0.25%
amid indications of growing business confidence and industrial production.
However, Japan's financial markets were adversely impacted by continuing
concerns about the nation's banking system, its growing budget deficit and the
economy's future growth prospects. Investors also were concerned with the
impact of rising energy prices and the potential for a slowdown in the level
of global economic growth, which would have an adverse effect on the level of
Japan's exports. Certain financial markets elsewhere in the Far East also
experienced declines during fiscal 2000, reflecting lower levels of economic
activity. In addition,

                                      25
<PAGE>

political instability existed within the region, particularly in Thailand,
Indonesia and the Philippines, which had an adverse impact on the region's
financial markets during the year.

  The worldwide market for mergers and acquisitions continued to be robust
during fiscal 2000. The volume of global merger and acquisition transactions
reached record levels and contributed to record revenues by the Company's
investment banking business. The merger and acquisition market reflected
ongoing consolidation and globalization, and transaction activity was strong
across many industries, particularly in the technology, media and
telecommunications sectors. The volume of merger and acquisition transactions
was particularly strong during the first half of fiscal 2000, while increased
volatility in the financial markets adversely impacted transaction activity in
the latter part of the year. During fiscal 2000, the level of cross-border
transactions remained strong, although the level of activity in the European
merger and acquisition markets declined, reflecting volatility in the region's
financial markets and the continued depreciation in the value of the euro.

  Similarly, the worldwide market for debt and equity underwriting
transactions was generally strong in fiscal 2000, fueled by a need to raise
capital to finance merger and acquisition transactions and other strategic
initiatives. However, increased uncertainty in the global financial markets
significantly reduced transaction volumes during the latter half of fiscal
2000. Declines in the global equity markets led to the postponement or
cancellation of many new equity issues, particularly during the fourth quarter
of fiscal 2000. Fixed income underwriting activity was negatively affected by
the rising global interest rate environment, which increased borrowing costs.
The market for new issuances of high-yield fixed income securities was
particularly difficult during the latter half of fiscal 2000 as heightened
concerns of deteriorating credit quality and rising default rates reduced
investor demand for these securities.

  In fiscal 2000, U.S. consumer demand and purchases continued to increase at
a strong pace. The relatively strong domestic economy that continued to exist
in the U.S. for much of the year enabled consumers to manage finances
advantageously while still allowing for steady growth in consumer credit.
Similarly, the level of loan losses and personal bankruptcies continued to
decline. U.S. economic growth moderated during the latter half of fiscal 2000,
reflecting, among other things, the Fed's efforts to slow the rate of economic
growth. The Company continued to invest in the growth of its credit card
business through the expansion of Discover Business Services, as evidenced by
a record number of new merchant enrollments in fiscal 2000, the second
consecutive year of achieving record new merchant enrollments. The Company
also increased its marketing and solicitation activities with respect to the
Discover Card brand, as well as the Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Card in the
U.K.

Fiscal 2000 and Fiscal 1999 Results of the Company

  The Company achieved record net income of $5,456 million in fiscal 2000, a
14% increase from fiscal 1999. In fiscal 1999, the Company's net income was
$4,791 million, an increase of 46% from fiscal 1998. Fiscal 1998's net income
included a net gain of $345 million from the sale of the Company's Global
Custody business, its interest in the operations of SPS Transaction Services,
Inc. ("SPS") and certain BRAVO(R) Card receivables ("BRAVO") (see "Results of
Operations--Business Acquisitions and Dispositions" herein). Fiscal 1998's net
income also included a $117 million charge resulting from the cumulative
effect of an accounting change. This charge represents the effect of an
accounting change adopted in the fourth quarter of fiscal 1998 (effective
December 1, 1997) with respect to the accounting for offering costs paid by
investment advisors of closed-end funds, where such costs are not specifically
reimbursed through separate advisory contracts (see Note 2 to the consolidated
financial statements). Excluding the net gain from the sale of the businesses
noted above and the charge resulting from the cumulative effect of an
accounting change, fiscal 1999's net income increased 57%.

  The Company's income tax rate was 36%, 38% and 37% in fiscal 2000, fiscal
1999 and fiscal 1998, respectively. The decrease in fiscal 2000 primarily
reflected reduced U.S. state and local taxes. The increase in fiscal 1999
reflected an increase in provisions for certain tax matters, partially offset
by reduced U.S. state and local taxes resulting from the resolution of certain
audit issues.

  Basic earnings per common share increased 14% to $4.95 in fiscal 2000 and
55% to $4.33 in fiscal 1999. Excluding the net gain from the sale of the
businesses noted above and the impact of the cumulative effect of an

                                      26
<PAGE>

accounting change, fiscal 1999's basic earnings per common share increased
67%. Diluted earnings per common share increased 15% to $4.73 in fiscal 2000
and 54% to $4.10 in fiscal 1999. Excluding the net gain from the sale of the
businesses noted above and the impact of the cumulative effect of an
accounting change, fiscal 1999's diluted earnings per common share increased
65%.

  The Company's return on average shareholders' equity was 31%, 33% and 25% in
fiscal 2000, fiscal 1999 and fiscal 1998, respectively. Excluding the net gain
from the sale of the businesses noted above and the impact of the cumulative
effect of an accounting change, fiscal 1998's return on average shareholders'
equity was 23%.

Business Acquisitions and Dispositions

  In December 2000, the Company announced that it had entered into a
definitive agreement to acquire Quilter Holdings Limited ("Quilter"). Quilter
is a leading U.K.-based investment management business providing segregated
account management and advisory services to private individuals, pension funds
and trusts. The transaction is subject to certain regulatory and other
consents and is expected to be completed in the first quarter of fiscal 2001.

  In fiscal 2000, the Company completed its acquisition of Ansett Worldwide
Aviation Services ("Ansett Worldwide"). Ansett Worldwide is one of the world's
leading aircraft leasing groups, supplying new and used commercial jet
aircraft to airlines around the world. The Company's fiscal 2000 results
include the operations of Ansett Worldwide since April 27, 2000, the date of
acquisition.

  In fiscal 1999, the Company completed its acquisition of Morgan Stanley Dean
Witter, S.V., S.A. (formerly AB Asesores), the largest independent financial
services firm in Spain. Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, S.V., S.A. has leading
positions in personal investment, asset management, institutional research and
brokerage. Through its financial advisors, it offers its individual investors
proprietary mutual funds and other financial products. The Company's fiscal
1999 results include the operations of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, S.V., S.A.
since March 25, 1999, the date of acquisition.

  In fiscal 1998, the Company completed the sale of its Global Custody
business. At that time, the Company recorded a pre-tax gain of $323 million
from the sale. Such gain included estimates for certain payments and purchase
price adjustments which, under certain circumstances pursuant to the sales
agreement, were payable by the Company to the buyer. As a result of the
resolution of these payments and purchase price adjustments, during fiscal
2000, the Company recorded an additional pre-tax gain of $35 million related
to the sale of the Global Custody business.

  In fiscal 1998, the Company sold its interest in the operations of SPS, a
73%-owned, publicly held subsidiary of the Company. In addition, the Company
sold certain credit card receivables relating to its discontinued BRAVO Card.
The Company's aggregate net pre-tax gain resulting from these transactions was
$362 million.

  In addition, during fiscal 1998, the Company sold its Prime Option SM
MasterCard(R) portfolio ("Prime Option"), a business it had operated with
NationsBank of Delaware, N.A., and its Correspondent Clearing business. The
gains resulting from the sale of these businesses were not material to the
Company's results of operations or financial condition.

Business Segments

  The remainder of "Results of Operations" is presented on a business segment
basis. Substantially all of the operating revenues and operating expenses of
the Company can be directly attributed to its three business segments:
Securities, Asset Management and Credit Services. Certain revenues and
expenses have been allocated to each business segment, generally in proportion
to their respective revenues or other relevant measures. The segment data
presented below reflect the Company's fiscal 1999 adoption of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 131, "Disclosures about Segments
of an Enterprise and Related Information." Prior to the adoption of SFAS No.
131, the Company had presented the results of its Securities and Asset
Management segments on a combined basis. The following discussion excludes the
cumulative effect of the accounting change in references to fiscal 1998 net
income. Certain reclassifications have been made to prior-period amounts to
conform to the current year's presentation.

                                      27
<PAGE>

                                  SECURITIES

                             STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                             (dollars in millions)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        Fiscal  Fiscal  Fiscal
                                                         2000    1999    1998
                                                        ------- ------- -------
<S>                                                     <C>     <C>     <C>
Revenues:
 Investment banking.................................... $ 4,881 $ 4,430 $ 3,314
 Principal transactions:
  Trading..............................................   7,393   5,830   3,159
  Investments..........................................     133     712     390
 Commissions...........................................   3,629   2,770   2,208
 Asset management, distribution and administration
  fees.................................................   1,967   1,374   1,079
 Interest and dividends................................  18,308  12,573  13,405
 Other.................................................     491     248     250
                                                        ------- ------- -------
  Total revenues.......................................  36,802  27,937  23,805
Interest expense.......................................  16,822  11,625  12,305
                                                        ------- ------- -------
  Net revenues.........................................  19,980  16,312  11,500
                                                        ------- ------- -------
Compensation and benefits..............................   9,557   7,225   5,428
Occupancy and equipment................................     621     493     419
Brokerage, clearing and exchange fees..................     425     378     354
Information processing and communications..............     986     756     591
Marketing and business development.....................     706     511     414
Professional services..................................     817     578     445
Other..................................................     631     507     408
                                                        ------- ------- -------
  Total non-interest expenses..........................  13,743  10,448   8,059
                                                        ------- ------- -------
Income before income taxes.............................   6,237   5,864   3,441
Provision for income taxes.............................   2,190   2,183   1,199
                                                        ------- ------- -------
Net income............................................. $ 4,047 $ 3,681 $ 2,242
                                                        ======= ======= =======
</TABLE>

  Securities provides a wide range of financial products, services and
investment advice to individual and institutional investors. Securities
business activities are conducted in the U.S. and throughout the world and
include investment banking, institutional sales and trading, full-service
brokerage services and principal investing activities. At November 30, 2000,
the Company's financial advisors provided securities and investment services
to more than 5.4 million client accounts in the U.S. and had client assets of
$659 billion. The Company had the second largest financial advisor sales
organization in the U.S. On a global basis, the Company had 13,910
professional financial advisors at November 30, 2000.

  Securities achieved record net revenues of $19,980 million and record net
income of $4,047 million in fiscal 2000, increases of 22% and 10%,
respectively, from fiscal 1999. In fiscal 1999, Securities net revenues and
net income increased 42% and 64%, respectively, from fiscal 1998. In both
fiscal 2000 and fiscal 1999, the levels of net revenues and net income in the
Company's Securities business reflected a strong global market for mergers and
acquisitions and securities underwritings, higher principal trading and
commission revenues, higher levels of customer trading volume and the
continued increase in the levels of client accounts and asset balances. The
results of both years were partially offset by increased costs for incentive-
based compensation, as well as increased non-compensation expenses associated
with the Company's higher level of global business activities. In addition,
fiscal 2000's results were negatively affected by more difficult economic and
market conditions during the latter half of the year, which reduced the volume
of merger and acquisition and underwriting transactions and contributed to a
more difficult trading environment. In fiscal 2000, declines in certain equity
markets also resulted in unrealized losses in the Company's private equity
business.

                                      28
<PAGE>

 Investment Banking

  Investment banking revenues are derived from the underwriting of securities
offerings and fees from advisory services. Investment banking revenues were as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Fiscal Fiscal Fiscal
                                                          2000   1999   1998
                                                         ------ ------ ------
                                                             (dollars in
                                                              millions)
   <S>                                                   <C>    <C>    <C>
   Advisory fees from merger, acquisition and
    restructuring transactions.......................... $2,137 $1,886 $1,322
   Equity underwriting revenues.........................  1,741  1,272    815
   Fixed income underwriting revenues...................  1,003  1,272  1,177
                                                         ------ ------ ------
   Total investment banking revenues.................... $4,881 $4,430 $3,314
                                                         ====== ====== ======
</TABLE>

  Investment banking revenues increased 10% to record levels in fiscal 2000,
surpassing the Company's previous record attained in fiscal 1999. Revenues in
fiscal 2000 reflected higher advisory fees from merger, acquisition and
restructuring transactions and increased revenues from underwriting equity
securities, partially offset by lower revenues from underwriting fixed income
securities. In fiscal 1999, the 34% increase in investment banking revenues
reflected higher advisory fees from merger, acquisition and restructuring
transactions as well as increased revenues from underwriting both equity and
fixed income securities.

  The worldwide merger and acquisition markets remained robust with $3.5
trillion of activity announced during calendar year 2000 (per Thomson
Financial Securities Data), an increase of 6% over 1999's then-record volume.
The pace of transactions slowed, however, during the fourth quarter as
activity in Europe declined. During calendar year 2000, the Company's volume
of announced merger and acquisition transactions surpassed $1 trillion for the
second consecutive year. In fiscal 2000, the high level of transaction
activity reflected the continuing trends of consolidation and globalization as
well as a high level of merger and acquisition transaction volume in the
technology, media and telecommunications sectors. However, transaction volume
decreased in the latter half of fiscal 2000 as volatility in the global equity
markets and a decrease in equity valuations reduced the purchasing power of
potential acquirers. The high transaction volumes in the merger and
acquisition markets, coupled with the Company's global presence and strong
market share, had a positive impact on advisory fees, which increased 13% in
fiscal 2000. The 43% increase in advisory fees in fiscal 1999 also reflected
high transaction volumes resulting from the strong global market for merger,
acquisition and restructuring activities as well as increased revenues from
real estate advisory transactions.

  Equity underwriting revenues increased 37% to a record level in fiscal 2000,
reflecting the Company's strong global market share. Equity underwriting
revenues also benefited from a high volume of equity issuances, particularly
in the technology, telecommunications and energy sectors. However, new issue
volume declined toward the end of fiscal 2000 due to difficult conditions in
the global financial markets, including reduced investor confidence. Equity
underwriting revenues increased 56% in fiscal 1999 and reflected a high volume
of equity offerings and the Company's strong global market share. In fiscal
1999, the Company's equity underwriting revenues benefited from favorable
global economic conditions, which led major equity market indices higher and
new issue activity to then-record levels. The primary market for equity
issuances was particularly strong in the U.S. and in Europe and reflected the
Company's participation in some of the year's largest transactions and its
leadership in the underwriting of technology-related issuances.

  Fixed income underwriting revenues decreased 21% in fiscal 2000. The volume
of fixed income underwriting transactions was adversely affected by a higher
interest rate environment in both the U.S. and Europe, resulting in higher
borrowing costs. Revenues from underwriting global high-yield fixed income
securities declined significantly, reflecting difficult conditions in this
market sector. In addition, investor demand for these securities declined due
to heightened concerns over credit quality. Revenues from underwriting
derivative fixed income products also declined. These decreases were partially
offset by higher revenues from securitized debt issuances, resulting from an
increased volume of asset-backed transactions. Revenues from fixed income
underwriting increased 8% in fiscal 1999. The volume of fixed income
underwritings was generally

                                      29
<PAGE>

strong during much of fiscal 1999, reflecting favorable global market
conditions. In addition, the relatively low levels of interest rates in the
U.S. during much of the year allowed issuers to take advantage of lower
borrowing costs. The European Economic and Monetary Union, which permitted
many corporate issuers to access the euro-denominated credit market, and the
need for strategic financing in light of the robust global market for mergers
and acquisitions also had a favorable impact on the volume of fixed income
underwriting transactions. Higher revenues from underwriting derivative fixed
income products also contributed to the increase in fiscal 1999.

 Principal Transactions

  Principal transactions include revenues from customers' purchases and sales
of securities in which the Company acts as principal and gains and losses on
securities held for resale. Decisions relating to principal transactions in
securities are based on an overall review of aggregate revenues and costs
associated with each transaction or series of transactions. This review
includes an assessment of the potential gain or loss associated with a trade
and the interest income or expense associated with financing or hedging the
Company's positions. The Company also engages in proprietary trading
activities for its own account.

  Principal transaction trading revenues were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Fiscal Fiscal Fiscal
                                                            2000   1999   1998
                                                           ------ ------ ------
                                                               (dollars in
                                                                millions)
   <S>                                                     <C>    <C>    <C>
   Equities............................................... $4,705 $3,065 $2,048
   Fixed income...........................................  1,760  1,937    331
   Foreign exchange.......................................    349    397    587
   Commodities............................................    579    431    193
                                                           ------ ------ ------
   Total principal transaction trading revenues........... $7,393 $5,830 $3,159
                                                           ====== ====== ======
</TABLE>

  Principal transaction trading revenues increased 27% in fiscal 2000,
primarily reflecting higher equity and commodity trading revenues, partially
offset by a decline in fixed income and foreign exchange trading revenues.
Principal transaction trading revenues increased 85% in fiscal 1999, primarily
reflecting higher fixed income, equity and commodity trading revenues,
partially offset by a decline in foreign exchange trading revenues.

  Equity trading revenues increased 54% to a record level in fiscal 2000,
reflecting higher revenues from both cash and derivative equity products.
Higher revenues from trading in equity cash products were primarily driven by
significantly increased levels of customer trading volumes and volatility in
both over-the-counter and listed securities, particularly in the U.S. and
Europe. Revenues from equity derivative products also benefited from these
conditions. Higher revenues from certain proprietary trading activities also
contributed significantly to the increase in equity trading revenues. In
fiscal 1999, equity trading revenues increased 50%, primarily reflecting
higher revenues from equity cash products. The increase was primarily driven
by higher levels of customer trading volumes in both listed and over-the-
counter securities, particularly in the U.S. and Europe, as generally
favorable global market and economic conditions increased investor demand for
equity securities. Higher revenues from trading equity derivative products,
which benefited from strong trading volumes and periods of market volatility,
and certain proprietary trading activities also contributed significantly to
the increase.

  Fixed income trading revenues decreased 9% in fiscal 2000, primarily
reflecting lower revenues from global high-yield and investment grade fixed
income securities. Trading revenues from global high-yield fixed income
securities decreased significantly due to lighter trading activity and
decreased market liquidity, which resulted in markdowns of certain high-yield
positions. During fiscal 2000, several high-yield issuers experienced
financial difficulties, triggering an increased number of credit downgrades
and defaults, particularly in the telecommunications sector. As a result,
investors became more concerned about the credit quality of issuers,
particularly during the latter half of fiscal 2000. Revenues from investment
grade fixed income securities also declined, reflecting more difficult market
conditions, which resulted in reduced liquidity and widening credit spreads.
These decreases were partially offset by higher revenues from trading
derivative and government agency

                                      30
<PAGE>

products. In fiscal 1999, fixed income trading revenues increased 485%,
primarily reflecting higher revenues from investment grade, high-yield and
securitized fixed income securities as well as swap transactions. Fiscal
1999's revenues benefited from significantly improved conditions in the global
fixed income markets as compared with the periods of extreme volatility and
illiquidity that existed at the end of fiscal 1998. During the first half of
fiscal 1999, the continuing recovery of global economic and market conditions
led to strong investor demand for fixed income products and contributed to
high transaction volumes. In addition, fears of accelerating inflation in the
U.S. and the interest rate actions taken by the Fed and the ECB resulted in
periods of volatility in the global fixed income markets, which resulted in
increased trading opportunities. Market conditions and trading volumes were
more moderate during the latter half of fiscal 1999, primarily reflecting a
rising interest rate environment in the U.S. and Europe.

  Foreign exchange revenues decreased 12% in fiscal 2000, reflecting lower
levels of trading volumes and volatility in the global foreign exchange
markets. Trading volumes were negatively affected by the exit of certain hedge
funds from the foreign exchange market and by reduced liquidity in the
Japanese yen and euro markets. During fiscal 2000, volatility levels between
the U.S. dollar and Japanese yen decreased to a 10-year low, creating reduced
market liquidity. In addition, the euro continued to depreciate against the
U.S. dollar, reflecting the strong relative performance of the U.S. economy.
However, at the end of fiscal 2000, economic indicators in the U.S. signaled a
potential slowing of the economy, and, as a result, the euro strengthened
against the U.S. dollar. In fiscal 1999, foreign exchange revenues declined
32% from the record level of revenues achieved in fiscal 1998. The decrease
primarily reflected reduced customer trading volumes and lower levels of
volatility in the global foreign exchange markets as compared with the prior
year.

  Commodity trading revenues rose 34% to a record level in fiscal 2000,
primarily driven by higher revenues from certain energy-related products,
including electricity, natural gas and crude oil. Trading revenues from
energy-related products benefited from periods of rising prices and increased
volatility across the entire energy sector. Such conditions were primarily
attributable to low inventory levels, strong demand and concerns regarding the
adequacy of production levels. In fiscal 1999, commodities trading revenues
rose 123%, primarily driven by higher revenues from certain energy-related
products, including crude oil, refined energy products, electricity and
natural gas. Revenues from trading energy-related products benefited from the
sharp rise in energy prices that occurred during the latter half of fiscal
1999. Increases in energy prices were primarily attributable to strong demand
for energy products, relatively low inventory levels and reduced production
volumes. Revenues from natural gas trading benefited from periods of price
volatility during the year, which was primarily attributable to changing
weather conditions and varying levels of demand. Higher revenues from metals
trading also contributed to the increase.

  Principal transaction investment revenues aggregating $133 million were
recognized in fiscal 2000 as compared with $712 million in fiscal 1999. Fiscal
2000's revenues included realized gains from certain of the Company's private
equity investments, including Commerce One, Inc. and Equant N.V., as well as
gains from the Company's other principal investment activities. These gains
were partially offset by unrealized losses in the private equity business,
reflecting difficult market conditions in the telecommunications, technology
and Internet sectors. Fiscal 1999's revenues reflected a record level of
revenues recorded by the Company's private equity business and included
realized and unrealized gains from the Company's positions in Equant N.V. and
Knight/Trimark Group Inc. Net gains from increases in the value of certain
other private equity and venture capital investments also contributed to
fiscal 1999's results.

  Securities purchased in principal investment transactions generally are held
for appreciation and are not readily marketable. It is not possible to
determine when the Company will realize the value of such investments since,
among other factors, such investments are generally subject to sales
restrictions. Moreover, estimates of the eventual realizable value of the
investments fluctuate significantly over time in light of business, market,
economic and financial conditions generally or in relation to specific
transactions.

                                      31
<PAGE>

 Commissions

  Commission revenues primarily arise from agency transactions in listed and
over-the-counter equity securities and sales of mutual funds, futures,
insurance products and options. Commission revenues increased 31% in fiscal
2000, primarily reflecting higher revenues from equity cash products from
markets located in Europe, the U.S. and the Far East. Revenues from European
markets benefited from a significant increase in market volumes, particularly
in the telecommunications and technology sectors. In the U.S., trading volumes
on the New York Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ increased to record levels.
Commission revenues from markets in Japan and elsewhere in the Far East
increased as improved economic prospects within the region during the first
half of fiscal 2000 increased investor interest and led to higher transaction
volumes. Commission revenues increased 25% in fiscal 1999, reflecting higher
revenues from equity cash products in markets located in the U.S., Europe, and
the Far East. In the U.S., favorable market conditions and strong investor
demand for equity products contributed to a high volume of customer securities
transactions, including listed and over-the-counter equity securities.
Revenues from markets in Europe also benefited from strong customer
transaction volumes, as improved economic and market conditions in the region
increased investor demand for European equity securities. Commission revenues
from markets in Japan and elsewhere in the Far East increased as improved
economic prospects within the region increased investor interest and led to
higher transaction volumes. In both fiscal 2000 and fiscal 1999, commission
revenues also benefited from higher sales of mutual funds and the continued
growth in the number of the Company's financial advisors.

  In October 1999, the Company launched ichoiceSM, a new service and
technology platform available to individual investors. ichoice provides each
of the Company's individual investor clients with the choice of self-directed
investing online; a traditional full-service brokerage relationship through a
financial advisor; or some combination of both. ichoice provides a range of
pricing options, including fee-based pricing. As a result, the amount of
revenues recorded within the "Commissions" and "Asset management, distribution
and administration fees" income statement categories is affected by the number
of the Company's clients electing a fee-based pricing arrangement.

 Net Interest

  Interest and dividend revenues and interest expense are a function of the
level and mix of total assets and liabilities, including financial instruments
owned, reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements, trading strategies
associated with the Company's institutional securities business, customer
margin loans and the prevailing level, term structure and volatility of
interest rates. Interest and dividend revenues and interest expense are
integral components of trading activities. In assessing the profitability of
trading activities, the Company views net interest and principal trading
revenues in the aggregate. In addition, decisions relating to principal
transactions in securities are based on an overall review of aggregate
revenues and costs associated with each transaction or series of transactions.
This review includes an assessment of the potential gain or loss associated
with a trade and the interest income or expense associated with financing or
hedging the Company's positions. Net interest revenues increased 57% in fiscal
2000 and decreased 14% in fiscal 1999, partially reflecting the level and mix
of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities (including
liabilities associated with the Company's aircraft financing activities)
during the respective periods as well as certain trading strategies utilized
in the Company's institutional securities business. In fiscal 2000, higher net
interest revenues from brokerage services provided to institutional and
individual customers, including an increase in the level of customer margin
loans, also had a positive impact on net interest revenues.

 Asset Management, Distribution and Administration Fees

  Asset management, distribution and administration fees include revenues from
asset management services, including fees for promoting and distributing
mutual funds ("12b-1 fees") and fees from investment management services
provided to segregated customer accounts pursuant to various contractual
arrangements in connection with the Company's Investment Consulting Services
("ICS") business. The Company receives 12b-1 fees for services it provides in
promoting and distributing certain open-ended mutual funds. These fees are
based

                                      32
<PAGE>

on either the average daily fund net asset balances or average daily aggregate
net fund sales and are affected by changes in the overall level and mix of
assets under management or supervision. Asset management, distribution and
administration fees also include revenues from individual investors electing a
fee-based pricing arrangement under the Company's ichoice service and
technology platform.

  Asset management, distribution and administration fees increased 43% in
fiscal 2000 and 27% in fiscal 1999. The increase in both periods was primarily
attributable to higher 12b-1 fees from promoting and distributing mutual funds
to individual investors through the Company's financial advisors. Higher
revenues from investment management services associated with the ICS business
and the continued growth in the level of client asset balances, which rose to
$659 billion at November 30, 2000 from $595 billion at November 30, 1999, also
contributed to the increase. In addition, the increase in fiscal 2000
reflected higher revenues from individual investors electing fee-based
pricing.

 Non-Interest Expenses

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Fiscal  Fiscal  Fiscal
                                                          2000    1999    1998
                                                         ------- ------- ------
                                                         (dollars in millions)
   <S>                                                   <C>     <C>     <C>
   Compensation and benefits............................ $ 9,557 $ 7,225 $5,428
   Occupancy and equipment..............................     621     493    419
   Brokerage, clearing and exchange fees................     425     378    354
   Information processing and communications............     986     756    591
   Marketing and business development...................     706     511    414
   Professional services................................     817     578    445
   Other................................................     631     507    408
                                                         ------- ------- ------
     Total non-interest expenses........................ $13,743 $10,448 $8,059
                                                         ======= ======= ======
</TABLE>

  Fiscal 2000's total non-interest expenses increased 32% to $13,743 million.
Compensation and benefits expense increased 32%, reflecting increased levels
of incentive compensation based on record fiscal 2000 revenues and earnings,
incremental costs related to the Company's continued focus on increasing the
number of its financial advisors and increased competitive pressures in
certain institutional businesses. Excluding compensation and benefits expense,
non-interest expenses increased $963 million. Occupancy and equipment expense
increased 26%, primarily due to additional rent associated with new U.S.
branch locations and increased office space in New York and certain other
locations. Brokerage, clearing and exchange fees increased 12%, primarily due
to higher brokerage costs related to increased global trading volume,
particularly in North America and Europe. Brokerage costs associated with the
business activities of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, S.V., S.A. also contributed
to the increase. Information processing and communications expense increased
30%, primarily due to increased costs associated with the Company's
information processing infrastructure, including data processing, market data
services and telecommunications costs for network equipment associated with
increased business activity and higher employment levels. These increases were
partially offset by the exclusion of certain Year 2000 costs from fiscal
2000's results. Marketing and business development expense increased 38%,
primarily due to increased travel and entertainment costs associated with a
high level of business activity in the global financial markets, new
advertising campaigns and additional promotional expenses in the individual
securities business. Professional services expense increased 41%, primarily
reflecting higher consulting costs associated with certain strategic
initiatives, including e-commerce. The increase also reflected higher costs
for employment fees and temporary staffing due to increased global business
activity. Other expense increased 24%, reflecting the impact of a higher level
of business activity on various operating expenses. Higher costs associated
with the Company's aircraft leasing business (including Ansett Worldwide that
was acquired in April 2000) and amortization of goodwill associated with the
Company's acquisition of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, S.V., S.A. also
contributed to the increase.

                                      33
<PAGE>

  Fiscal 1999's total non-interest expenses increased 30% to $10,448 million.
Compensation and benefits expense increased 33%, reflecting increased levels
of incentive compensation based on record fiscal 1999 revenues and earnings as
well as an increase in the number of employees. Excluding compensation and
benefits expense, non-interest expenses increased $592 million. Occupancy and
equipment expense increased 18%, principally reflecting additional office
space in New York and certain other locations as well as incremental rent
attributable to the opening of new U.S. branch locations. Brokerage, clearing
and exchange fees increased 7%, primarily attributable to higher brokerage
expenses due to higher levels of trading volume in the global securities
markets. Information processing and communications costs increased 28%,
primarily due to increased costs associated with the Company's information
technology infrastructure, including server and data center costs. A higher
number of employees utilizing communications systems and certain data services
also contributed to the increase. Marketing and business development expense
increased 23%, reflecting higher advertising expenses associated with the
Company's individual securities business. Increased travel and entertainment
costs associated with the high levels of activity in the global financial
markets also contributed to the increase. Professional services expense
increased 30%, primarily reflecting higher consulting costs as a result of
certain information technology initiatives, including the Company's
preparations for the Year 2000. Higher legal costs associated with increased
levels of business activity and higher temporary staffing fees also
contributed to the increase. Other expense increased 24%, primarily reflecting
the impact of a higher level of business activity on various operating
expenses. An increase in charitable donations and the amortization of goodwill
associated with the Company's acquisition of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, S.V.,
S.A. in March 1999 also contributed to the increase.

                                      34
<PAGE>

                               ASSET MANAGEMENT

                             STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                             (dollars in millions)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Fiscal Fiscal Fiscal
                                                          2000   1999   1998
                                                         ------ ------ ------
<S>                                                      <C>    <C>    <C>
Revenues:
 Investment banking..................................... $  127 $   93 $   26
 Principal transactions:
  Investments...........................................     60     13   (301)
 Commissions............................................     16      4    --
 Asset management, distribution and administration
  fees..................................................  2,252  1,950  1,924
 Interest and dividends.................................     78     61    252
 Other..................................................    --     --      27
                                                         ------ ------ ------
  Total revenues........................................  2,533  2,121  1,928
Interest expense........................................      7      9    165
                                                         ------ ------ ------
  Net revenues..........................................  2,526  2,112  1,763
                                                         ------ ------ ------
Compensation and benefits...............................    751    648    659
Occupancy and equipment.................................     89     96     97
Brokerage, clearing and exchange fees...................     94    107    198
Information processing and communications...............     77     92     87
Marketing and business development......................    161    127    125
Professional services...................................    101    137    135
Other...................................................    143    138     91
                                                         ------ ------ ------
  Total non-interest expenses...........................  1,416  1,345  1,392
                                                         ------ ------ ------
Gain on sale of businesses..............................     35    --     323
                                                         ------ ------ ------
Income before income taxes and cumulative effect of
 accounting change......................................  1,145    767    694
Provision for income taxes..............................    462    319    264
                                                         ------ ------ ------
Income before cumulative effect of accounting change....    683    448    430
                                                         ------ ------ ------
Cumulative effect of accounting change..................    --     --    (117)
                                                         ------ ------ ------
Net income.............................................. $  683 $  448 $  313
                                                         ====== ====== ======
</TABLE>

  Asset Management ranks among the top eight global active asset managers and
provides a wide range of investment advisory products through both proprietary
and non-proprietary distribution channels. Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Advisors
and Van Kampen Investments ("VK") offer individual investors a broad array of
mutual fund and wealth management tools that cover the full spectrum of
investment categories, including growth, income, sector and global. Morgan
Stanley Dean Witter Investment Management and Miller Anderson & Sherrerd serve
the specialized needs of global institutional and high net worth investors.
Asset Management's product breadth includes mutual funds, closed-end funds,
managed accounts, managed futures funds, pooled vehicles, variable annuities
and unit investment trusts. In fiscal 2000, Asset Management's assets under
management or supervision increased $30 billion to $502 billion at November
30, 2000.

  Asset Management achieved record net revenues of $2,526 million in fiscal
2000, an increase of 20% from fiscal 1999. Asset Management's net income for
fiscal 2000 was a record $683 million, an increase of 52% from fiscal 1999.
The increase in net income in fiscal 2000 primarily reflected higher asset
management, distribution and administration fees resulting from the continued
accumulation and management of customer assets and a more favorable asset mix,
partially offset by higher incentive-based compensation expenses. Net income
for fiscal 2000 included a net gain of $21 million from the sale of the
Company's Global Custody business (see "Results of Operations--Business
Acquisitions and Dispositions" herein). Asset Management achieved net revenues
and net income of $2,112 million and $448 million in fiscal 1999, increases of
20% and 43%, respectively, from

                                      35
<PAGE>

fiscal 1998. Fiscal 1998's net income included a net gain of $182 million from
the sale of the Company's Global Custody business (see "Results of
Operations--Business Acquisitions and Dispositions" herein). Fiscal 1998 net
income also included a $117 million charge resulting from the cumulative
effect of an accounting change. This charge represents the effect of an
accounting change adopted in the fourth quarter of fiscal 1998 (effective
December 1, 1997) with respect to the accounting for offering costs paid by
investment advisors of closed-end funds, where such costs are not specifically
reimbursed through separate advisory contracts (see Note 2 to the consolidated
financial statements). Excluding the net gain from the sale of the Global
Custody business and the charge resulting from the cumulative effect of an
accounting change, fiscal 1999's net income increased 81%.

 Investment Banking

  Asset Management primarily generates investment banking revenues from the
underwriting of Unit Investment Trust products. Investment banking revenues
increased 37% in fiscal 2000 and 258% in fiscal 1999. In both periods, the
increases were primarily associated with higher levels of Unit Investment
Trust sales volumes. Unit Investment Trust sales volumes rose 35% to a record
$16.6 billion in fiscal 2000 and increased 36% to $12.3 billion in fiscal
1999.

 Principal Transactions

  Asset Management's principal transaction revenues are primarily generated
from the Company's net gains on capital investments in certain of its funds
and other investments.

  Principal transaction investment revenues aggregating $60 million were
recognized in fiscal 2000 as compared with $13 million in fiscal 1999. In both
periods, principal transaction investment revenues primarily consisted of net
gains from the Company's capital investments in certain of its funds.

 Commissions

  Asset Management primarily generates commission revenues from dealer and
distribution concessions on sales of certain funds as well as certain
allocated commission revenues.

  Commission revenues were $16 million in fiscal 2000 and $4 million in fiscal
1999. In both periods, the fluctuations were associated with changes in the
level of sales volume of certain VK products and allocated commission
revenues.

 Net Interest

  Asset Management generates net interest revenues from certain investment
positions as well as from certain allocated interest revenues and expenses.
Net interest revenues in fiscal 1998 also included revenues from global
custody and correspondent clearing services.

  Net interest revenues increased 37% in fiscal 2000, primarily reflecting
higher net revenues from certain investment positions and allocations. Net
interest revenues decreased 40% in fiscal 1999, primarily reflecting the
Company's sale of its Global Custody and Correspondent Clearing businesses in
fiscal 1998.

 Asset Management, Distribution and Administration Fees

  Asset management, distribution and administration fees primarily include
revenues from the management and administration of assets. These fees arise
from investment management services the Company provides to investment
vehicles pursuant to various contractual arrangements. Generally, the Company
receives fees primarily based upon mutual fund average net assets or quarterly
assets for other vehicles. Revenues in fiscal 1998 also include other
administrative fees and non-interest revenues earned from global custody and
correspondent clearing services.

                                      36
<PAGE>

  The Company's customer assets under management or supervision at fiscal
year-end were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          Fiscal Fiscal Fiscal
                                                           2000   1999   1998
                                                          ------ ------ ------
                                                              (dollars in
                                                               billions)
   <S>                                                    <C>    <C>    <C>
   Products offered primarily to individuals:
     Mutual funds:
       Equity............................................  $103   $ 94   $ 75
       Fixed income......................................    46     53     57
       Money markets.....................................    57     47     37
                                                           ----   ----   ----
         Total mutual funds..............................   206    194    169
                                                           ----   ----   ----

     ICS assets..........................................    31     23     19
     Separate accounts, unit trust and other
      arrangements.......................................    82     75     59
                                                           ----   ----   ----
         Total individual................................   319    292    247
                                                           ----   ----   ----
   Products offered primarily to institutional clients:
     Mutual funds........................................    36     33     27
     Separate accounts, pooled vehicle and other
      arrangements.......................................   147    147    138
                                                           ----   ----   ----
         Total institutional.............................   183    180    165
                                                           ----   ----   ----
   Total assets under management or supervision(1).......  $502   $472   $412
                                                           ====   ====   ====
</TABLE>
- --------
(1) Revenues and expenses associated with ICS and certain other assets are
    included in the Company's Securities segment.

  Asset management, distribution and administration fees increased 15% in
fiscal 2000 and 1% in fiscal 1999. In both years, the increases in revenues
primarily reflected higher levels of management fees as well as other revenues
resulting from a higher level of assets under management or supervision. The
increase in fiscal 2000 also reflected a more favorable asset mix, primarily
due to a shift in asset mix to a greater percentage of equity products, which
typically generate higher management fees. The increase in fiscal 1999 was
partially offset by the absence of revenues from global custody and
correspondent clearing activities, attributable to the Company's sale of its
Global Custody business in the fourth quarter of fiscal 1998 and its
Correspondent Clearing business in the third quarter of fiscal 1998.

  As of November 30, 2000, assets under management or supervision increased
$30 billion from fiscal year-end 1999. In fiscal 2000, virtually all of the
increase in assets under management or supervision was attributable to net
inflows of customer assets. The increases in assets under management or
supervision due to market appreciation in the first three quarters of the
fiscal year were offset by market depreciation during the fourth fiscal
quarter. This market depreciation reflected the declines in many global
financial markets that occurred during that period. In fiscal 1999,
approximately 25% of the increase in assets under management or supervision
was attributable to net inflows of customer assets, while the remaining 75%
reflected market appreciation.

 Non-Interest Expenses

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Fiscal Fiscal Fiscal
                                                            2000   1999   1998
                                                           ------ ------ ------
                                                               (dollars in
                                                                millions)
   <S>                                                     <C>    <C>    <C>
   Compensation and benefits.............................. $  751 $  648 $  659
   Occupancy and equipment................................     89     96     97
   Brokerage, clearing and exchange fees..................     94    107    198
   Information processing and communications..............     77     92     87
   Marketing and business development.....................    161    127    125
   Professional services..................................    101    137    135
   Other..................................................    143    138     91
                                                           ------ ------ ------
   Total non-interest expenses............................ $1,416 $1,345 $1,392
                                                           ====== ====== ======
</TABLE>

                                      37
<PAGE>

  Fiscal 2000's total non-interest expenses increased 5% to $1,416 million.
Compensation and benefits expense increased 16%, reflecting higher incentive-
based compensation costs due to Asset Management's higher level of revenues
and earnings. Excluding compensation and benefits expense, non-interest
expenses decreased $32 million. Occupancy and equipment expense decreased 7%,
primarily due to lower depreciation expense on certain data processing
equipment. These decreases were partially offset by higher occupancy costs at
certain office locations. Brokerage, clearing and exchange fees decreased 12%,
primarily attributable to lower sales of closed-end funds through the non-
proprietary distribution channel and higher redemption fees associated with
certain VK products. These decreases were partially offset by a higher level
of deferred commission amortization. Information processing and communications
expense decreased 16%, primarily due to lower costs incurred in fiscal 2000
related to outside data processing and computer software costs. Marketing and
business development expense increased 27%, primarily due to higher
promotional and distribution costs for certain mutual funds. Professional
services expense decreased 26%, reflecting higher consulting costs in fiscal
1999 related to the Company's preparation for the Year 2000, partially offset
by higher consulting costs in fiscal 2000 for various e-commerce initiatives.
Other expense increased 4%, primarily due to new and increased business
activity.

  Fiscal 1999's total non-interest expenses decreased 3% to $1,345 million.
Compensation and benefits expense decreased 2%, reflecting lower costs due to
the sale of the Company's Global Custody business in fiscal 1998, partially
offset by higher incentive-based compensation costs due to higher fiscal 1999
revenues and earnings. Excluding compensation and benefits expense, non-
interest expenses decreased $36 million. Occupancy and equipment expense was
comparable with the prior year as higher occupancy costs at certain office
locations were offset by lower costs due to the Company's sale of its Global
Custody business. Brokerage, clearing and exchange fees decreased 46%,
primarily attributable to commissions paid in fiscal 1998 in connection with
the Company's launch of the Van Kampen Senior Income Trust mutual fund and
lower sales of closed-end funds through the non-proprietary distribution
channel. In addition, lower agent bank costs were incurred in fiscal 1999 due
to the Company's sale of its Global Custody business. These decreases were
partially offset by a higher level of deferred commission amortization.
Information processing and communications costs increased 6%, primarily due to
increased costs associated with the Company's information technology
infrastructure as well as higher market data costs. These increases were
partially offset by lower costs due to the Company's sale of its Global
Custody business. Marketing and business development expense increased 2% as
higher costs due to business growth, including new product launches, were
partially offset by lower costs due to the Company's sale of its Global
Custody business. Professional services expense increased 1% as higher
consulting fees were partially offset by lower legal expenses and lower costs
due to the Company's sale of its Global Custody business. Other expense
increased 52%, reflecting the impact of a higher level of business activity on
various operating expenses, as well as costs associated with the consolidation
of certain office locations.

                                      38
<PAGE>

                                CREDIT SERVICES

                             STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                             (dollars in millions)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Fiscal Fiscal Fiscal
                                                            2000   1999   1998
                                                           ------ ------ ------
<S>                                                        <C>    <C>    <C>
Fees:
 Merchant and cardmember.................................. $1,780 $1,492 $1,647
 Servicing................................................  1,450  1,194    928
Other.....................................................     --     --      5
                                                           ------ ------ ------
 Total non-interest revenues..............................  3,230  2,686  2,580
                                                           ------ ------ ------
Interest revenue..........................................  2,848  2,246  2,729
Interest expense..........................................  1,347    881    994
                                                           ------ ------ ------
Net interest income.......................................  1,501  1,365  1,735
Provision for consumer loan losses........................    810    529  1,173
                                                           ------ ------ ------
Net credit income.........................................    691    836    562
                                                           ------ ------ ------
 Net revenues.............................................  3,921  3,522  3,142
                                                           ------ ------ ------
Compensation and benefits.................................    628    525    549
Occupancy and equipment...................................     62     54     67
Information processing and communications.................    493    477    462
Marketing and business development........................  1,191  1,041    872
Professional services.....................................    119    121     97
Other.....................................................    284    207    207
                                                           ------ ------ ------
Total non-interest expenses...............................  2,777  2,425  2,254
                                                           ------ ------ ------
Gain on sale of businesses................................     --     --    362
                                                           ------ ------ ------
Income before income taxes................................  1,144  1,097  1,250
Provision for income taxes................................    418    435    529
                                                           ------ ------ ------
Net income................................................ $  726 $  662 $  721
                                                           ====== ====== ======
</TABLE>

  The Company's Credit Services business is operated by Discover Financial
Services, a business unit which issues quality consumer credit products and
operates Discover Business Services, a proprietary network of merchant and
cash access locations in the U.S. The credit cards issued by the Company
include the Discover Card, the Discover Platinum Card, the Morgan Stanley Dean
Witter Card and other proprietary general purpose credit cards.

  In fiscal 2000, Credit Services achieved record net income of $726 million,
an increase of 10% from fiscal 1999. The increase reflected higher merchant
and cardmember fees, servicing fees and net interest income, reflecting
overall growth of the business, including record levels of transaction volume
and a record level of period-end managed consumer loans. The increase in net
income was partially offset by a higher provision for consumer loan losses and
higher non-interest expenses.

  The results of fiscal 2000 and 1999 do not include the results from Prime
Option, the operations of SPS and certain receivables associated with the
discontinued BRAVO Card, all of which were sold during fiscal 1998. Prime
Option, a business the Company had operated with NationsBank of Delaware,
N.A., was sold during the second quarter of fiscal 1998. The Company sold its
interest in the operations of SPS, which was a 73%-owned, publicly held
subsidiary of the Company, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 1998. The Company
discontinued its BRAVO Card in fiscal 1998 and sold certain credit card
receivables associated with the BRAVO Card in the fourth quarter of fiscal
1998. Fiscal 1998's net after-tax gain from the sale of the operations of SPS
and certain receivables associated with the BRAVO Card was $163 million.

                                      39
<PAGE>

  In fiscal 1999, Credit Services' net income decreased 8% to $662 million,
primarily due to fiscal 1998's inclusion of the $163 million net gain on the
sale of businesses. Excluding this gain, net income increased 19% in fiscal
1999. The increase was primarily attributable to a lower provision for
consumer loan losses and increased servicing fees, partially offset by lower
net interest income and merchant and cardmember fees and higher marketing and
business development expenses.

  Credit Services' statistical data were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            Fiscal Fiscal Fiscal
                                                             2000   1999   1998
                                                            ------ ------ ------
                                                                (dollars in
                                                                 billions)
   <S>                                                      <C>    <C>    <C>
   Consumer loans at fiscal year-end:
    Owned.................................................. $21.9  $21.0  $16.0
    Managed................................................ $47.1  $38.0  $32.5
   General purpose credit card transaction volume.......... $90.1  $70.6  $58.0
</TABLE>

  The higher level of managed consumer loans at November 30, 2000 and 1999 was
primarily attributable to growth in the Company's Discover Platinum Card.

 Merchant and Cardmember Fees

  Merchant and cardmember fees include revenues from fees charged to merchants
on credit card sales, late payment fees, overlimit fees, insurance fees and
cash advance fees.

  Merchant and cardmember fees increased 19% to $1,780 million during fiscal
2000 and decreased 9% to $1,492 million during fiscal 1999. The increase in
fiscal 2000 was primarily due to higher merchant discount revenue and late
payment fees associated with the use of the Discover Card. The increase in
Discover Card merchant discount revenues was primarily due to a record level
of sales volume, coupled with an increase in the average merchant discount
rate. Late payment fees increased in fiscal 2000, primarily due to a fee
increase introduced during April 1999, coupled with an increase in the number
of late fee occurrences, reflecting higher levels of transaction volume and
consumer loans subject to such fees. Merchant and cardmember fees decreased in
fiscal 1999, primarily due to the Company's sale of the operations of SPS and
the sale of Prime Option. Fiscal 1999 also was impacted by higher merchant
discount revenue offset by lower levels of overlimit fees and cash advance
fees. The increase in merchant discount revenue was associated with higher
levels of sales volume. Overlimit fees decreased, primarily due to a lower
level of overlimit fee occurrences. Cash advance fees decreased due to lower
cash advance transaction volume, primarily attributable to the Company's
actions to limit cash advances in an effort to improve credit quality.

 Servicing Fees

  Servicing fees are revenues derived from consumer loans which have been sold
to investors through asset securitizations. Cash flows from the interest yield
and cardmember fees generated by securitized loans are used to pay investors
in these loans a predetermined fixed or floating rate of return on their
investment, to reimburse the investors for losses of principal resulting from
charged-off loans and to pay the Company a fee for servicing the loans. Any
excess cash flows remaining are paid to the Company. The servicing fees and
excess net cash flows paid to the Company are reported as servicing fees in
the consolidated statements of income. The sale of consumer loans through
asset securitizations, therefore, has the effect of converting portions of net
credit income and fee income to servicing fees. The Company completed asset
securitizations of $9.8 billion in fiscal 2000 and $3.0 billion in fiscal
1999. The asset securitizations in fiscal 2000 and 1999 have expected
maturities ranging from approximately three to seven years from the date of
issuance.

                                      40
<PAGE>

  The table below presents the components of servicing fees:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      Fiscal   Fiscal   Fiscal
                                                       2000     1999     1998
                                                      -------  -------  -------
                                                       (dollars in millions)
   <S>                                                <C>      <C>      <C>
   Merchant and cardmember fees...................... $   627  $   552  $   505
   Interest revenue..................................   3,432    2,694    2,598
   Interest expense..................................  (1,462)    (996)  (1,010)
   Provision for consumer loan losses................  (1,147)  (1,056)  (1,165)
                                                      -------  -------  -------
   Servicing fees.................................... $ 1,450  $ 1,194  $   928
                                                      =======  =======  =======
</TABLE>

  Servicing fees are affected by the level of securitized loans, the spread
between the interest yield on the securitized loans and the yield paid to the
investors, the rate of credit losses on securitized loans and the level of
cardmember fees earned from securitized loans. Servicing fees increased 21% in
fiscal 2000 and 29% in fiscal 1999. The increase in fiscal 2000 was due to
higher levels of net interest cash flows and increased cardmember fee revenue,
partially offset by higher credit losses associated with a higher level of
average securitized consumer loans. The increase in credit losses was
partially offset by a lower level of charge-offs related to the securitized
portfolio. The increase in fiscal 1999 was due to higher levels of cardmember
fees and net interest income, primarily resulting from higher levels of
average securitized loans. The increase also reflected a decline in credit
losses from securitized consumer loans resulting from a lower level of charge-
offs related to the Discover Card portfolio and the positive impact of the
sale of the operations of SPS, partially offset by an increase in the level of
average securitized loans.

                                      41
<PAGE>

 Net Interest Income

  Net interest income represents the difference between interest revenue
derived from Credit Services consumer loans and short-term investment assets
and interest expense incurred to finance those assets. Credit Services assets,
consisting primarily of consumer loans, earn interest revenue at both fixed
rates and market-indexed variable rates. The Company incurs interest expense
at fixed and floating rates. Interest expense also includes the effects of any
interest rate contracts entered into by the Company as part of its interest
rate risk management program. This program is designed to reduce the
volatility of earnings resulting from changes in interest rates and is
accomplished primarily through matched financing, which entails matching the
repricing schedules of consumer loans and related financing. The following
tables present analyses of Credit Services average balance sheets and interest
rates in fiscal 2000, fiscal 1999 and fiscal 1998 and changes in net interest
income during those fiscal years:

Average Balance Sheet Analysis

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                               Fiscal 2000             Fiscal 1999(3)           Fiscal 1998(3)
                          ------------------------ ------------------------ ------------------------
                          Average                  Average                  Average
                          Balance  Rate   Interest Balance  Rate   Interest Balance  Rate   Interest
                          -------  -----  -------- -------  -----  -------- -------  -----  --------
                                                 (dollars in millions)
<S>                       <C>      <C>    <C>      <C>      <C>    <C>      <C>      <C>    <C>
ASSETS
Interest earning assets:
General purpose credit
 card and other consumer
 loans..................  $21,910  12.15%  $2,662  $16,177  13.10%  $2,118  $18,558  14.07%  $2,612
Investment securities...      594   6.37       38      672   5.16       35      496   6.25       31
Other...................    2,194   6.74      148    1,656   5.61       93    1,465   5.88       86
                          -------  -----   ------  -------  -----   ------  -------  -----   ------
 Total interest earning
  assets................   24,698  11.53    2,848   18,505  12.14    2,246   20,519  13.30    2,729
Allowance for loan
 losses.................     (777)                    (774)                    (847)
Non-interest earning
 assets.................    1,589                    1,544                    1,517
                          -------                  -------                  -------
 Total assets...........  $25,510                  $19,275                  $21,189
                          =======                  =======                  =======
LIABILITIES AND
 SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
Interest bearing
 liabilities:
Interest bearing
 deposits
 Savings................  $ 1,513   5.62%  $   85  $ 1,492   4.51%  $   67  $ 1,073   4.79%  $   51
 Brokered...............    7,732   6.62      512    5,609   6.37      357    5,656   6.62      375
 Other time.............    3,032   6.19      188    1,927   5.61      108    2,189   6.16      135
                          -------  -----   ------  -------  -----   ------  -------  -----   ------
 Total interest bearing
  deposits..............   12,277   6.39      785    9,028   5.90      532    8,918   6.29      561
Other borrowings........    8,484   6.62      562    6,046   5.76      349    7,162   6.05      433
                          -------  -----   ------  -------  -----   ------  -------  -----   ------
 Total interest bearing
  liabilities...........   20,761   6.49    1,347   15,074   5.84      881   16,080   6.18      994
Shareholder's
 equity/other
 liabilities............    4,749                    4,201                    5,109
                          -------                  -------                  -------
 Total liabilities and
  shareholder's equity..  $25,510                  $19,275                  $21,189
                          =======                  =======                  =======
Net interest income.....                   $1,501                   $1,365                   $1,735
                                           ======                   ======                   ======
Net interest margin(1)..                     6.08%                    7.38%                    8.46%
Interest rate
 spread(2)..............            5.04%                    6.30%                    7.12%
</TABLE>
- --------
(1) Net interest margin represents net interest income as a percentage of
    total interest earning assets.

(2) Interest rate spread represents the difference between the rate on total
    interest earning assets and the rate on total interest bearing
    liabilities.

(3) Certain prior-year information has been reclassified to conform to the
    current year's presentation.

                                      42
<PAGE>

Rate/Volume Analysis

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      Fiscal 2000 vs.     Fiscal 1999 vs.
                                        Fiscal 1999         Fiscal 1998
                                     ------------------- --------------------
Increase/(Decrease) due to Changes
in:                                  Volume Rate   Total Volume  Rate   Total
- ----------------------------------   ------ -----  ----- ------  -----  -----
                                             (dollars in millions)
<S>                                  <C>    <C>    <C>   <C>     <C>    <C>
Interest Revenue
General purpose credit card and
 other consumer loans...............  $752  $(208) $544  $(369)  $(125) $(494)
Investment securities...............    (4)     7     3     11      (7)     4
Other...............................    30     25    55     11      (4)     7
                                                   ----                 -----
 Total interest revenue.............   753   (151)  602   (268)   (215)  (483)
                                                   ----                 -----

Interest Expense
Interest bearing deposits:
 Savings............................     1     17    18     20      (4)    16
 Brokered...........................   136     19   155     (3)    (15)   (18)
 Other time.........................    62     18    80    (16)    (11)   (27)
                                                   ----                 -----
 Total interest bearing deposits....   192     61   253      7     (36)   (29)
Other borrowings....................   140     73   213    (67)    (17)   (84)
                                                   ----                 -----
 Total interest expense.............   331    135   466    (62)    (51)  (113)
                                                   ----                 -----
Net interest income.................  $421  $(285) $136  $(206)  $(164) $(370)
                                      ====  =====  ====  =====   =====  =====
</TABLE>

  Net interest income increased 10% in fiscal 2000 and decreased 21% in fiscal
1999. The increase in fiscal 2000 was primarily due to higher average levels
of consumer loans, partially offset by a lower yield on these loans and
increased financing costs incurred by the Company. The increase in average
consumer loans was due to higher levels of sales and balance transfer volume
and promotional programs. The lower yield on Discover Card loans was primarily
due to lower interest rates offered to new cardmembers and certain existing
cardmembers, partially offset by the Company's repricing of certain credit
card receivables discussed below. The lower yield also reflected an increase
in consumer loans from balance transfers and from promotional purchases, which
are generally offered at lower interest rates for an introductory period. The
increase in interest expense was due to a higher level of interest bearing
liabilities, coupled with an increase in the Company's average cost of
borrowings, reflecting interest rate increases made by the Fed in fiscal 1999
and the first half of fiscal 2000. The average prime rate for fiscal 2000 was
9.19% as compared with 7.98% for fiscal 1999. The decrease in net interest
income in fiscal 1999 was primarily due to lower average levels of consumer
loans and a lower yield on these loans. The decrease in average consumer loans
was due to the sale of the operations of SPS, the sale of Prime Option and the
discontinuance of the BRAVO Card in fiscal 1998 as well as a higher level of
securitized Discover Card loans. The lower yield in fiscal 1999 was due to a
lower yield on Discover Card loans, coupled with the exclusion of SPS loans
from the Company's portfolio. The lower yield on Discover Card loans was
primarily due to the more competitive interest rates offered to both existing
and new cardmembers as well as an increase in consumer loans from balance
transfers.

  In response to the rising interest rate environment in the U.S., the Company
repriced a substantial portion of its existing credit card receivables to a
market-indexed variable interest rate during the second and third quarters of
fiscal 2000.

                                      43
<PAGE>

  The supplemental table below provides average managed loan balance and rate
information, which takes into account both owned and securitized loans:

Supplemental Average Managed Loan Information

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   Fiscal 2000    Fiscal 1999    Fiscal 1998
                                  -------------  -------------  -------------
                                  Average        Average        Average
                                  Balance Rate   Balance Rate   Balance Rate
                                  ------- -----  ------- -----  ------- -----
                                            (dollars in millions)
<S>                               <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>
General purpose credit card and
 other consumer loans............ $43,540 13.82% $33,534 14.23% $34,619 14.86%
Total interest earning assets....  46,328 13.39   35,862 13.66   36,580 14.38
Total interest bearing
 liabilities.....................  42,391  6.54   32,431  5.74   32,141  6.15
Consumer loan interest rate
 spread..........................          7.28           8.49           8.71
Interest rate spread.............          6.85           7.92           8.23
Net interest margin..............          7.40           8.47           8.98
</TABLE>

 Provision for Consumer Loan Losses

  The provision for consumer loan losses is the amount necessary to establish
the allowance for loan losses at a level that the Company believes is adequate
to absorb estimated losses in its consumer loan portfolio at the balance sheet
date. The Company's allowance for loan losses is regularly evaluated by
management for adequacy and was $780 million at November 30, 2000 and $769
million at November 30, 1999.

  The provision for consumer loan losses, which is affected by net charge-
offs, loan volume and changes in the amount of consumer loans estimated to be
uncollectable, increased 53% in fiscal 2000 and decreased 55% in fiscal 1999.
The increase in fiscal 2000 was primarily due to higher levels of average
consumer loans in the Discover Card portfolio, partially offset by a lower net
charge-off rate. In addition, the provision for consumer loan losses in fiscal
1999 benefited from a decline in the loan loss allowance in connection with
securitization transactions entered into prior to the third quarter of 1996.
This loan loss allowance was fully amortized by the end of fiscal 1999. The
decrease in fiscal 1999 was primarily due to a lower level of charge-offs
related to the Discover Card portfolio and the positive impact of the sale of
the operations of SPS, the sale of Prime Option and the discontinuance of the
BRAVO Card. The provision for consumer loan losses also was positively
impacted by a decline in the loan loss allowance in connection with
securitization transactions entered into prior to the third quarter of 1996 as
discussed above.

  The Company's future charge-off rates and credit quality are subject to
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what
has been discussed above. Factors that influence the provision for consumer
loan losses include the level and direction of consumer loan delinquencies and
charge-offs, changes in consumer spending and payment behaviors, bankruptcy
trends, the seasoning of the Company's loan portfolio, interest rate movements
and their impact on consumer behavior, and the rate and magnitude of changes
in the Company's consumer loan portfolio, including the overall mix of
accounts, products and loan balances within the portfolio.

  Consumer loans are considered delinquent when interest or principal payments
become 30 days past due. Consumer loans are charged-off when they become 180
days past due, except in the case of bankruptcies and fraudulent transactions,
where loans are charged-off earlier. Loan delinquencies and charge-offs are
primarily affected by changes in economic conditions and may vary throughout
the year due to seasonal consumer spending and payment behaviors. The net
charge-off rate decreased in fiscal 2000 as compared with fiscal 1999,
reflecting the Company's continued focus on credit quality and account
collections and a reduction in consumer bankruptcies as a result of the
favorable U.S. economic environment.

                                      44
<PAGE>

  The following table presents delinquency and net charge-off rates with
supplemental managed loan information:

Asset Quality

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                               Fiscal 2000       Fiscal 1999       Fiscal 1998
                             ----------------  ----------------  ----------------
                              Owned   Managed   Owned   Managed   Owned   Managed
                             -------  -------  -------  -------  -------  -------
                                          (dollars in millions)
   <S>                       <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>
   Consumer loans at fiscal
    year-end...............  $21,870  $47,126  $20,998  $37,975  $15,996  $32,502
   Consumer loans
    contractually past due
    as a percentage of
    fiscal year-end
    consumer loans:
     30 to 89 days.........     3.01%    3.50%    3.35%    3.79%    3.54%    3.69%
     90 to 179 days........     2.04%    2.42%    2.20%    2.53%    2.67%    2.84%
   Net charge-offs as a
    percentage of average
    consumer loans.........     3.63%    4.40%    4.78%    5.42%    6.75%    6.90%
</TABLE>

 Non-Interest Expenses

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Fiscal Fiscal Fiscal
                                                            2000   1999   1998
                                                           ------ ------ ------
                                                               (dollars in
                                                                millions)
   <S>                                                     <C>    <C>    <C>
   Compensation and benefits.............................. $  628 $  525 $  549
   Occupancy and equipment................................     62     54     67
   Information processing and communications..............    493    477    462
   Marketing and business development.....................  1,191  1,041    872
   Professional services..................................    119    121     97
   Other..................................................    284    207    207
                                                           ------ ------ ------
   Total non-interest expenses............................ $2,777 $2,425 $2,254
                                                           ====== ====== ======
</TABLE>

  Total non-interest expenses increased 15% to $2,777 million in fiscal 2000
and 8% to $2,425 million in fiscal 1999. Increased business activity related
to the Discover Platinum Card as well as the expansion of the Morgan Stanley
Dean Witter Card in the U.K. were contributing factors for a portion of the
increase in non-interest expenses in fiscal 2000.

  Employee compensation and benefits expense increased 20% in fiscal 2000 and
decreased 4% in fiscal 1999. The increase in fiscal 2000 reflected higher
domestic and international compensation costs associated with increased
employment levels associated with higher levels of business activity and
transaction volume. The decrease in fiscal 1999 was primarily due to lower
compensation costs resulting from the sale of Prime Option and the operations
of SPS. These decreases in fiscal 1999 were partially offset by higher
compensation costs associated with increased employment levels due to
increased levels of business activity and transaction volume.

  Occupancy and equipment expense increased 15% in fiscal 2000 and decreased
19% in fiscal 1999. The increase in fiscal 2000 was due primarily to higher
occupancy costs associated with increased office space, including new
transaction processing centers. The decrease in fiscal 1999 was primarily due
to the exclusion of the results of Prime Option and SPS, partially offset by
higher occupancy costs associated with Discover Financial Services.

  Information processing and communications expense increased 3% in both
fiscal 2000 and fiscal 1999. The increase in fiscal 2000 was primarily due to
an increase in volume-related external data processing costs associated with
the Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Card in the U.K., partially offset by the
termination of an

                                      45
<PAGE>

external transaction processing contract in fiscal 1999. The increase in
fiscal 1999 was due to higher external data processing costs incurred for
domestic operations, including cardmember data analysis associated with
increased portfolio activity, partially offset by the exclusion of the results
of Prime Option and SPS in fiscal 1999.

  Marketing and business development expense increased 14% in fiscal 2000 and
19% in fiscal 1999. The increase in fiscal 2000 was primarily due to higher
cardmember rewards expense associated with increased sales volume as well as
increased advertising and direct mailing costs associated with both domestic
and international operations. Marketing and business development expense
increased in fiscal 1999 due to direct mailing and other promotional
activities related to the launch and promotion of the Discover Platinum and
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Cards, higher cardmember rewards expense and a new
advertising campaign for the Discover Card. Higher cardmember rewards expense
was due to increased sales volume. Cardmember rewards expense includes the
Cashback Bonus(R) award program, pursuant to which the Company annually pays
Discover Card cardmembers and Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Card cardmembers
electing this feature a percentage of their purchase amounts ranging up to 1%
based upon a cardmember's annual level and type of purchases.

  Professional services expense decreased 2% in fiscal 2000 and increased 25%
in fiscal 1999. The decrease in fiscal 2000 reflects the exclusion of Year
2000 consulting costs in fiscal 2000's results, partially offset by higher
costs associated with account collections, consumer credit counseling and the
outsourcing of certain call center operations. The increase in fiscal 1999 was
due to higher costs associated with account collections, consumer credit
counseling and Year 2000 consulting costs, partially offset by a decrease in
expenses associated with the sale of the operations of SPS.

  Other expense primarily includes fraud losses, credit inquiry fees and other
administrative costs. Other expense increased 37% in fiscal 2000 and remained
unchanged in fiscal 1999 as compared with fiscal 1998. In fiscal 2000, the
increase was primarily due to increases in certain domestic and international
operating expenses due to higher levels of transaction volume and business
activity. In fiscal 1999, increased operational costs associated with higher
application and transaction volumes and costs associated with the launch of
the Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Card in the U.K. were offset by a decrease in
expenses associated with the sale of the operations of SPS.

 Seasonal Factors

  The credit card lending activities of Credit Services are affected by
seasonal patterns of retail purchasing. Historically, a substantial percentage
of credit card loan growth occurs in the fourth calendar quarter, followed by
a flattening or decline of consumer loans in the following calendar quarter.
Merchant fees, therefore, historically have tended to increase in the first
fiscal quarter, reflecting higher sales activity in the month of December.
Additionally, higher cardmember rewards expense historically have been accrued
in the first fiscal quarter, reflecting seasonal growth in retail sales
volume.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

 The Balance Sheet

  The Company's total assets increased to $426.8 billion at November 30, 2000
from $367.0 billion at November 30, 1999, primarily attributable to increases
in securities borrowed, financial instruments owned, and cash and securities
deposited with clearing organizations or segregated under federal and other
regulations ("Segregated Cash and Deposits"). Segregated Cash and Deposits
increased due to an increase in customer cash balances, coupled with a
decrease in the level of customers trading on margin. Aircraft under operating
leases increased due to the purchase of Ansett Worldwide. These increases were
partially offset by a decrease in securities purchased under agreements to
resell. A substantial portion of the Company's total assets consists of highly
liquid marketable securities and short-term receivables arising principally
from securities transactions. The highly liquid nature of these assets
provides the Company with flexibility in financing and managing its business.

                                      46
<PAGE>

 Funding and Capital Policies

  The Company's senior management establishes the overall funding and capital
policies of the Company, reviews the Company's performance relative to these
policies, monitors the availability of sources of financing, reviews the
foreign exchange risk of the Company, and oversees the liquidity and interest
rate sensitivity of the Company's asset and liability position. The primary
goal of the Company's funding and liquidity activities is to ensure adequate
financing over a wide range of potential credit ratings and market
environments.

  Many of the Company's businesses are capital-intensive. Capital is required
to finance, among other things, the Company's securities inventories,
underwritings, principal investments, private equity activities, consumer
loans, bridge loans and other financings, and investments in fixed assets. As
a policy, the Company attempts to maintain sufficient capital and funding
sources in order to have the capacity to finance itself on a fully
collateralized basis at all times, including periods of financial stress.
Currently, the Company believes it has sufficient capital to meet its needs.
In addition, the Company attempts to maintain total equity, on a consolidated
basis, at least equal to the sum of all of its subsidiaries' equity.
Subsidiary equity capital requirements are determined by regulatory
requirements (if applicable), asset mix, leverage considerations and earnings
volatility.

  The Company views return on equity to be an important measure of its
performance, in the context of both the particular business environment in
which the Company is operating and its peer group's results. In this regard,
the Company actively manages its consolidated capital position based upon,
among other things, business opportunities, capital availability and rates of
return together with internal capital policies, regulatory requirements and
rating agency guidelines and, therefore, in the future may expand or contract
its capital base to address the changing needs of its businesses. The Company
returns internally generated equity capital which is in excess of the needs of
its businesses to its shareholders through common stock repurchases and
dividends.

  The Company's liquidity policies emphasize diversification of funding
sources. The Company also follows a funding strategy that is designed to
ensure that the tenor of the Company's liabilities equals or exceeds the
expected holding period of the assets being financed. Short-term funding
generally is obtained at rates related to U.S., Euro or Asian money market
rates for the currency borrowed. Repurchase transactions are effected at
negotiated rates. Other borrowing costs are negotiated depending upon
prevailing market conditions (see Notes 5 and 6 to the consolidated financial
statements). Maturities of both short-term and long-term financings are
designed to minimize exposure to refinancing risk in any one period.

  The volume of the Company's borrowings generally fluctuates in response to
changes in the amount of repurchase transactions outstanding, the level of the
Company's securities inventories and consumer loans receivable, and overall
market conditions. Availability and cost of financing to the Company can vary
depending upon market conditions, the volume of certain trading activities,
the Company's credit ratings and the overall availability of credit. The
Company, therefore, maintains a surplus of unused short-term funding sources
at all times to withstand any unforeseen contraction in credit capacity. In
addition, the Company attempts to maintain cash and unhypothecated marketable
securities equal to at least 110% of its outstanding short-term unsecured
borrowings. The Company has in place a contingency funding strategy, which
provides a comprehensive one-year action plan in the event of a severe
funding disruption.

  The Company views long-term debt as a stable source of funding for core
inventories, consumer loans and illiquid assets and, therefore, maintains a
long-term debt-to-capitalization ratio at a level appropriate for the current
composition of its balance sheet. In general, fixed assets are financed with
fixed rate long-term debt, and securities inventories and the majority of
current assets are financed with a combination of short-term funding, floating
rate long-term debt or fixed rate long-term debt swapped to a floating basis.
Both fixed rate and floating rate long-term debt (in addition to sources of
funds accessed directly by the Company's Credit Services business) are used to
finance the Company's consumer loan portfolio. Consumer loan financing is
targeted to match the repricing and duration characteristics of the loans
financed. The Company uses derivative products (primarily interest rate,
currency and equity swaps) to assist in asset and liability management, reduce
borrowing costs and hedge interest rate risk (see Note 6 to the consolidated
financial statements).


                                      47
<PAGE>

  The Company's reliance on external sources to finance a significant portion
of its day-to-day operations makes access to global sources of financing
important. The cost and availability of unsecured financing generally are
dependent on the Company's short-term and long-term debt ratings. In addition,
the Company's debt ratings can have a significant impact on certain trading
revenues, particularly in those businesses where longer term counterparty
performance is critical, such as over-the-counter derivative transactions.

  As of January 31, 2001, the Company's credit ratings were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    Commercial Paper Senior Debt
                                                    ---------------- -----------
<S>                                                 <C>              <C>
Dominion Bond Rating Service Limited...............   R-1 (middle)    AA (low)
Fitch(1)...........................................   F1+             AA
Moody's Investors Service..........................   P-1             Aa3
Rating and Investment Information, Inc.(2).........   a-1+            AA
Standard & Poor's(3)...............................   A-1+            AA-
</TABLE>
- --------
(1) Fitch IBCA, Inc. and Duff & Phelps Credit Rating Co. merged on June 1,
    2000. In addition, on December 1, 2000, Fitch completed its acquisition of
    Thomson Financial BankWatch. The combined company is using the former
    Fitch IBCA, Inc. rating scale.

(2) On August 1, 2000, Japan Rating & Investment Information, Inc. changed its
    name to Rating and Investment Information, Inc.

(3) On May 17, 2000, Standard & Poor's upgraded the Company's commercial paper
    rating from A-1 to A-1+ and upgraded the Company's senior debt rating from
    A+ to AA-.

  As the Company continues its global expansion and derives revenues
increasingly from various currencies, foreign currency management is a key
element of the Company's financial policies. The Company benefits from
operating in several different currencies because weakness in any particular
currency often is offset by strength in another currency. The Company closely
monitors its exposure to fluctuations in currencies and, where cost-justified,
adopts strategies to reduce the impact of these fluctuations on the Company's
financial performance. These strategies include engaging in various hedging
activities to manage income and cash flows denominated in foreign currencies
and using foreign currency borrowings, when appropriate, to finance
investments outside the U.S.

 Principal Sources of Funding

  The Company funds its balance sheet on a global basis. The Company's funding
for its Securities and Asset Management businesses is raised through diverse
sources. These sources include the Company's capital, including equity and
long-term debt; repurchase agreements; U.S., Canadian, Euro and Japanese
commercial paper; letters of credit; unsecured bond borrowings; securities
lending; buy/sell agreements; municipal reinvestments; master notes; and
committed and uncommitted lines of credit. Repurchase agreement transactions,
securities lending and a portion of the Company's bank borrowings are made on
a collateralized basis and, therefore, provide a more stable source of funding
than short-term unsecured borrowings.

  The funding sources utilized for the Company's Credit Services business
include the Company's capital, including equity and long-term debt; asset-
backed securitizations; deposits; Federal Funds; and short-term bank notes.
The Company sells consumer loans through asset securitizations using several
transaction structures. During the second quarter of fiscal 2000, an
extendible asset-backed certificate program was launched.

  The Company's bank subsidiaries solicit deposits from consumers, purchase
Federal Funds and issue short-term bank notes. Interest bearing deposits are
classified by type as savings, brokered and other time deposits. Savings
deposits consist primarily of money market deposits and certificates of
deposit accounts sold directly to cardmembers and savings deposits from
individual securities clients. Brokered deposits consist primarily of
certificates of deposits issued by the Company's bank subsidiaries. Other time
deposits include institutional

                                      48
<PAGE>

certificates of deposits. The Company, through Discover Bank (formerly
Greenwood Trust Company), an indirect subsidiary of the Company, sells notes
under a short-term bank note program.

  The Company maintains borrowing relationships with a broad range of banks,
financial institutions, counterparties and others from which it draws funds in
a variety of currencies.

  The Company maintains a senior revolving credit agreement with a group of
banks to support general liquidity needs, including the issuance of commercial
paper (the "MSDW Facility"). Under the terms of the MSDW Facility, the banks
are committed to provide up to $5.5 billion. The MSDW Facility contains
restrictive covenants which require, among other things, that the Company
maintain specified levels of shareholders' equity. The Company believes that
the covenant restrictions will not impair the Company's ability to pay its
current level of dividends. At November 30, 2000, no borrowings were
outstanding under the MSDW Facility.

  The Company maintains a master collateral facility that enables Morgan
Stanley & Co. Incorporated ("MS&Co."), one of the Company's U.S. broker-dealer
subsidiaries, to pledge certain collateral to secure loan arrangements,
letters of credit and other financial accommodations (the "MS&Co. Facility").
As part of the MS&Co. Facility, MS&Co. also maintains a secured committed
credit agreement with a group of banks that are parties to the master
collateral facility under which such banks are committed to provide up to
$1.875 billion. The credit agreement contains restrictive covenants which
require, among other things, that MS&Co. maintain specified levels of
consolidated shareholder's equity and Net Capital, each as defined. At
November 30, 2000, no borrowings were outstanding under the MS&Co. Facility.

  The Company also maintains a revolving committed financing facility that
enables Morgan Stanley & Co. International Limited ("MSIL"), the Company's
London-based broker-dealer subsidiary, to secure committed funding from a
syndicate of banks by providing a broad range of collateral under repurchase
agreements (the "MSIL Facility"). Such banks are committed to provide up to an
aggregate of $1.785 billion, available in six major currencies. The facility
agreement contains restrictive covenants which require, among other things,
that MSIL maintain specified levels of Shareholder's Equity and Financial
Resources, each as defined. At November 30, 2000, no borrowings were
outstanding under the MSIL Facility.

  Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Japan Limited ("MSDWJL"), the Company's Tokyo-
based broker-dealer subsidiary, maintains a committed revolving credit
facility, guaranteed by the Company, that provides funding to support general
liquidity needs, including support of MSDWJL's unsecured borrowings (the
"MSDWJL Facility"). Under the terms of the MSDWJL Facility, a syndicate of
banks is committed to provide up to 70 billion Japanese yen. At November 30,
2000, no borrowings were outstanding under the MSDWJL Facility.

  The Company anticipates that it will utilize the MSDW Facility, the MS&Co.
Facility, the MSIL Facility or the MSDWJL Facility for short-term funding from
time to time (see Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements).

 Fiscal 2000 and Subsequent Activity

  During fiscal 2000, the Company issued senior notes aggregating $22,363
million, including non-U.S. dollar currency notes aggregating $3,298 million,
primarily pursuant to its public debt shelf registration statements. These
notes have maturities from 2001 to 2030 and a weighted average coupon interest
rate of 6.55% at November 30, 2000. The Company has entered into certain
transactions to obtain floating interest rates based primarily on short-term
London Interbank Offered Rates ("LIBOR") trading levels. At November 30, 2000,
the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Company's Senior
Indebtedness (as defined in the Company's public debt shelf registration
statements) was approximately $65.2 billion (including senior indebtedness
consisting of guaranteed obligations of the indebtedness of subsidiaries).
Between November 30, 2000 and January 31, 2001, the Company's long-term
borrowings, net of repayments and repurchases, decreased by approximately $305
million.

                                      49
<PAGE>

  Effective June 22, 2000, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the
Company to purchase, subject to market conditions and certain other factors,
an additional $1.5 billion of the Company's common stock for capital
management purposes. The Company also has a separate ongoing repurchase
authorization in connection with awards granted under its equity-based
compensation plans. During fiscal 2000, the Company purchased $3,628 million
of its common stock. Subsequent to November 30, 2000 and through January 31,
2001, the Company purchased an additional $256 million of its common stock;
the unused portion of the capital management common stock repurchase
authorization at January 31, 2001 was approximately $911 million (without
giving effect to any outstanding put options).

  In an effort to enhance its ongoing stock repurchase program, the Company
may sell put options on shares of its common stock to third parties. These put
options entitle the holder to sell shares of the Company's common stock to the
Company on certain dates at specified prices. As of November 30, 2000, put
options were outstanding on an aggregate of 3 million shares of the Company's
common stock. These put options have various expiration dates that range from
January 2001 through April 2001. The Company may elect cash settlement of the
put options instead of taking delivery of the stock.

  In fiscal 2000, the Company and Morgan Stanley Finance, plc, a U.K.
subsidiary, redeemed all of the outstanding 8.4% Capital Units, 8.2% Capital
Units and 9.0% Capital Units. The aggregate principal amount of the Capital
Units redeemed was $513 million.

  At November 30, 2000, certain assets of the Company, such as real property,
equipment and leasehold improvements of $2.7 billion, aircraft assets of $3.9
billion, and goodwill and other intangible assets of $1.3 billion, were
illiquid. Certain equity investments made in connection with the Company's
private equity and other principal investment activities, high-yield debt
securities, certain collateralized mortgage obligations and mortgage-related
loan products, bridge financings, and certain senior secured loans and
positions are not highly liquid. At November 30, 2000, the Company had
aggregate principal investments (including direct investments and partnership
interests) with a carrying value of approximately $1.2 billion. The Company
also has commitments to fund certain fixed assets and other less liquid
investments, including at November 30, 2000 approximately $900 million in
connection with its private equity and other principal investment activities.
Additionally, the Company has provided, and will continue to provide,
financing (including margin lending and other extensions of credit) to
clients.

  In connection with the Company's fixed income securities activities, the
Company underwrites, trades, invests and makes markets in non-investment grade
instruments ("high-yield instruments"). For purposes of this discussion, high-
yield instruments are defined as fixed income, emerging market and preferred
equity securities and distressed debt rated BB+ or lower (or equivalent
ratings by recognized credit rating agencies) as well as non-rated securities
which, in the opinion of management, are non-investment grade. High-yield
instruments generally involve greater risk than investment grade securities
due to the lower credit ratings of the issuers, which typically have
relatively high levels of indebtedness and, therefore, are more sensitive to
adverse economic conditions. In addition, the market for high-yield
instruments is, and may continue to be, characterized by periods of volatility
and illiquidity. The Company has in place credit and other risk policies and
procedures to monitor total inventory positions and risk concentrations for
high-yield instruments that are administered in a manner consistent with the
Company's overall risk management policies and control structure. The Company
records high-yield instruments at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses are
recognized currently in the Company's consolidated statements of income. At
November 30, 2000 and 1999, the Company had exposure to high-yield instruments
owned with a market value of approximately $2.2 billion and $3.5 billion,
respectively, and exposure to high-yield instruments sold, not yet purchased
with a market value of $0.5 billion and $0.4 billion, respectively.

  In connection with certain of its business activities, the Company provides
financing or financing commitments to companies in the form of senior and
subordinated debt, including bridge financing, on a selective basis. The
borrowers may be rated investment grade or non-investment grade. These loans
and funding commitments typically are secured against the borrower's assets,
have varying maturity dates and are generally

                                      50
<PAGE>

contingent upon certain representations, warranties and contractual conditions
applicable to the borrower. As part of these activities, the Company may
syndicate and trade certain positions of these loans. At November 30, 2000 and
1999, the aggregate value of investment grade loans and positions was $2.1
billion and $0.1 billion, respectively, and the aggregate value of non-
investment grade loans and positions was $2.2 billion and $1.3 billion,
respectively. At November 30, 2000, the Company also had provided additional
commitments associated with these activities to investment grade issuers
aggregating $12.2 billion and commitments to non-investment grade issuers
aggregating $2.3 billion.

  The Company has contracted to develop a one million-square-foot office tower
in New York City. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company will own the
building and has entered into a 99-year lease for the land at the development
site. Construction began in 1999, and the Company intends to occupy the
building upon project completion, which is anticipated in fiscal 2002. The
total investment in this project is estimated to be approximately $700
million.

  The gross notional and fair value amounts of derivatives used by the Company
for asset and liability management and as part of its trading activities are
summarized in Notes 6 and 9, respectively, to the consolidated financial
statements (see also "Derivative Financial Instruments" herein).

Regulatory Capital Requirements

  Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. ("DWR") and MS&Co. are registered broker-dealers
and registered futures commission merchants and, accordingly, are subject to
the minimum net capital requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission
("SEC"), the New York Stock Exchange and the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission. MSIL, a London-based broker-dealer subsidiary, is regulated by the
Securities and Futures Authority ("SFA") in the U.K. and, accordingly, is
subject to the capital requirements of the SFA. MSDWJL, a Tokyo-based broker-
dealer, is subject to the capital requirements of the Financial Services
Agency. DWR, MS&Co., MSIL and MSDWJL have consistently operated in excess of
their respective regulatory requirements (see Note 11 to the consolidated
financial statements).

  Certain of the Company's subsidiaries are Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation ("FDIC") insured financial institutions. Such subsidiaries,
therefore, are subject to the regulatory capital requirements adopted by the
FDIC. These subsidiaries have consistently operated in excess of these and
other regulatory requirements.

  Certain other U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries are subject to various
securities, commodities and banking regulations, and capital adequacy
requirements promulgated by the regulatory and exchange authorities of the
countries in which they operate. These subsidiaries have consistently operated
in excess of their applicable local capital adequacy requirements. In
addition, Morgan Stanley Derivative Products Inc., a triple-A rated subsidiary
through which the Company conducts some of its derivative activities, has
established certain operating restrictions which have been reviewed by various
rating agencies.

Effects of Inflation and Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates

  Because the Company's assets to a large extent are liquid in nature, they
are not significantly affected by inflation. However, inflation may result in
increases in the Company's expenses, which may not be readily recoverable in
the price of services offered. To the extent inflation results in rising
interest rates and has other adverse effects upon the securities markets, upon
the value of financial instruments and upon the markets for consumer credit
services, it may adversely affect the Company's financial position and
profitability.

  A portion of the Company's business is conducted in currencies other than
the U.S. dollar. Non-U.S. dollar assets typically are financed by direct
borrowing or swap-based funding in the same currency. Changes in foreign
exchange rates affect non-U.S. dollar revenues as well as non-U.S. dollar
expenses. Those foreign exchange exposures that arise and are not hedged by an
offsetting foreign currency exposure are actively managed by the Company to
minimize risk of loss due to currency fluctuations.


                                      51
<PAGE>

Derivative Financial Instruments

  The Company actively offers to clients and trades for its own account a
variety of financial instruments described as "derivative products" or
"derivatives." These products generally take the form of futures, forwards,
options, swaps, caps, collars, floors, swap options and similar instruments
which derive their value from underlying interest rates, foreign exchange
rates, commodities, equity instruments, equity indices, reference credits or
other assets. All of the Company's trading-related divisions use derivative
products as an integral part of their respective trading strategies, and such
products are used extensively to manage the market exposure that results from
a variety of proprietary trading activities (see Note 9 to the consolidated
financial statements). In addition, as a dealer in certain derivative
products, most notably interest rate and currency swaps, the Company enters
into derivative contracts to meet a variety of risk management and other
financial needs of its clients. Given the highly integrated nature of
derivative products and related cash instruments in the determination of
overall trading division profitability and the context in which the Company
manages its trading areas, it is not meaningful to allocate trading revenues
between the derivative and underlying cash instrument components. Moreover,
the risks associated with the Company's derivative activities, including
market and credit risks, are managed on an integrated basis with associated
cash instruments in a manner consistent with the Company's overall risk
management policies and control structure (see "Risk Management" following
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations"). It should be noted that while particular risks may be associated
with the use of derivatives, in many cases derivatives serve to reduce, rather
than increase, the Company's exposure to market, credit and other risks.

  The total notional value of derivative trading contracts outstanding at
November 30, 2000 was $3,891 billion (as compared with $3,404 billion at
November 30, 1999). While these amounts are an indication of the degree of the
Company's use of derivatives for trading purposes, they do not represent the
Company's market or credit exposure and may be more indicative of customer
utilization of derivatives. The Company's exposure to market risk relates to
changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, or the fair value
of the underlying financial instruments or commodities. The Company's exposure
to credit risk at any point in time is represented by the fair value of such
contracts reported as assets. Such total fair value outstanding as of November
30, 2000 was $27.3 billion. Approximately $19.9 billion of that credit risk
exposure was with counterparties rated single-A or better (see Note 9 to the
consolidated financial statements).

  The Company also uses derivative products (primarily interest rate, currency
and equity swaps) to assist in asset and liability management, reduce
borrowing costs and hedge interest rate risk (see Note 6 to the consolidated
financial statements).

  The Company believes that derivatives are valuable tools that can provide
cost-effective solutions to complex financial problems and remains committed
to providing its clients with innovative financial products. The Company
established Morgan Stanley Derivative Products Inc. to offer derivative
products to clients that will enter into derivative transactions only with
triple-A rated counterparties. In addition, the Company, through its
continuing involvement with regulatory, self-regulatory and industry
activities, provides leadership in the development of policies and practices
in order to maintain confidence in the markets for derivative products, which
is critical to the Company's ability to assist clients in meeting their
overall financial needs.

                                      52
<PAGE>

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

                                RISK MANAGEMENT

Risk Management Policy and Control Structure

  Risk is an inherent part of the Company's business and activities. The
extent to which the Company properly and effectively identifies, assesses,
monitors and manages each of the various types of risk involved in its
activities is critical to its soundness and profitability. The Company's
broad-based portfolio of business activities helps reduce the impact that
volatility in any particular area or related areas may have on its net
revenues as a whole. The Company seeks to identify, assess, monitor and
manage, in accordance with defined policies and procedures, the following
principal risks involved in the Company's business activities: market risk,
credit risk, operational risk, legal risk and funding risk. Funding risk is
discussed in the "Liquidity and Capital Resources" section of "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations."

  Risk management at the Company is a multi-faceted process with independent
oversight that requires constant communication, judgment and knowledge of
specialized products and markets. The Company's senior management takes an
active role in the risk management process and has developed policies and
procedures that require specific administrative and business functions to
assist in the identification, assessment and control of various risks. In
recognition of the increasingly varied and complex nature of the global
financial services business, the Company's risk management policies,
procedures and methodologies are evolutionary in nature and are subject to
ongoing review and modification.

  The Management Committee, composed of the Company's most senior officers,
establishes the overall risk management policies for the Company and reviews
the Company's performance relative to these policies. The Management Committee
has created several Risk Committees to assist it in monitoring and reviewing
the Company's risk management practices. These Risk Committees, as well as
other committees established to manage and monitor specific risks, review the
risk monitoring and risk management policies and procedures relating to the
Company's market and credit risk profile, sales practices, pricing of consumer
loans and reserve adequacy, legal enforceability, and operational and systems
risks.

  The Firm Risk Management, Controllers, Treasury, and Law and Compliance
Departments, which are all independent of the Company's business units, also
assist senior management and the Risk Committees in monitoring and controlling
the Company's risk profile. The Firm Risk Management Department is responsible
for risk policy development, risk analysis and risk reporting to senior
management and the Risk Committees and has operational responsibility for
measuring and monitoring aggregate market and credit risk with respect to
institutional trading activities. In addition, the Internal Audit Department,
which also reports to senior management, periodically examines and evaluates
the Company's operations and control environment. The Company continues to be
committed to employing qualified personnel with appropriate expertise in each
of its various administrative and business areas to implement effectively the
Company's risk management and monitoring systems and processes.

  The following is a discussion of the Company's risk management policies and
procedures for its principal risks (other than funding risk). The discussion
focuses on the Company's securities trading (primarily its institutional
trading activities) and consumer lending and related activities. The Company
believes that these activities generate a substantial portion of its principal
risks. This discussion and the estimated amounts of the Company's market risk
exposure generated by the Company's statistical analyses are forward-looking
statements. However, the analyses used to assess such risks are not
predictions of future events, and actual results may vary significantly from
such analyses due to events in the markets in which the Company operates and
certain other factors described below.

                                      53
<PAGE>

Market Risk

  Market risk refers to the risk that a change in the level of one or more
market prices, rates, indices, volatilities, correlations or other market
factors, such as liquidity, will result in losses for a position or portfolio.
For a discussion of the Company's currency exposure relating to its net
monetary investments in non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries, see
Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.

Trading and Related Activities

 Primary Market Risk Exposures and Market Risk Management

  During fiscal 2000, the Company had exposures to a wide range of interest
rates, equity prices, foreign exchange rates and commodity prices -- and
associated volatilities and spreads -- related to the global markets in which
it conducts its trading activities. The Company is exposed to interest rate
risk as a result of maintaining market-making activities and proprietary
trading in interest rate sensitive financial instruments (e.g., risk arising
from changes in the level or volatility of interest rates, the timing of
mortgage prepayments, the shape of the yield curve and credit spreads for
corporate bonds, asset-backed securities and emerging market debt). The
Company is exposed to equity price and implied volatility risk as a result of
making markets in equity securities and equity derivatives and maintaining
proprietary positions. The Company is exposed to foreign exchange rate and
implied volatility risk in connection with making markets in foreign
currencies and foreign currency options and with maintaining foreign exchange
positions. The Company's foreign exchange trading covers many currencies,
including the yen, euro and pound sterling. The Company is exposed to
commodity price and implied volatility risk as a result of trading in physical
commodities, such as crude and refined oil, natural gas, electricity, precious
and base metals, and in related derivatives.

  The Company manages its trading positions by employing a variety of
strategies. These strategies include diversification of risk exposures and
hedging through the purchase or sale of positions in related securities and
financial instruments, including a variety of derivative products (e.g.,
futures, forwards, swaps and options). The Company manages the market risk
associated with its trading activities on a Company-wide basis, on a trading
division level worldwide and on an individual product basis. The Company
manages and monitors its market risk exposures in such a way as to maintain a
portfolio that the Company believes is well-diversified in the aggregate with
respect to market risk factors and reflects the Company's aggregate risk
tolerance as established by the Company's senior management.

  Market risk limits have been approved for the Company and each major trading
division of the Company worldwide (equity, fixed income, foreign exchange and
commodities). Additional market risk limits are assigned to trading desks and,
as appropriate, products and regions. Trading division risk managers, desk
risk managers and the Firm Risk Management Department monitor market risk
measures against limits in accordance with policies set by senior management.

  The Firm Risk Management Department independently reviews the Company's
trading portfolios on a regular basis from a market risk perspective utilizing
Value-at-Risk ("VaR") and other quantitative and qualitative risk measurements
and analyses. The Company's trading businesses and the Firm Risk Management
Department also use, as appropriate, measures such as sensitivity to changes
in rates, prices, volatilities and time decay to monitor and report market
risk exposures. Stress testing, which measures the impact on the value of
existing portfolios of specified changes in market factors for certain
products, is performed periodically and reviewed by trading division risk
managers, desk risk managers and the Firm Risk Management Department.

 Value-at-Risk

  The statistical technique known as VaR is one of the tools used by
management to measure, monitor and review the market risk exposures of the
Company's trading portfolios. The Firm Risk Management Department calculates
and distributes daily VaR-based risk measures to various levels of management.

                                      54
<PAGE>

 VaR Methodology, Assumptions and Limitations

  The Company estimates VaR using a model based on historical simulation for
major market risk factors and Monte Carlo simulation for name-specific risk in
certain equity and fixed income exposures. Historical simulation involves
constructing a distribution of hypothetical daily changes in the value of
trading portfolios based on historical observation of daily changes in key
market indices or other market factors ("market risk factors") and on
information on the sensitivity of the portfolio values to these market risk
factor changes. In the case of the Company's VaR, approximately four years of
historical data are used to characterize potential changes in market risk
factors. The Company's one-day 99% VaR corresponds to the negative change in
portfolio value that, based on observed market risk factor movements, would
have been exceeded with a frequency of 1%, or once in 100 trading days.

  The Company's VaR model generally takes into account linear and non-linear
exposures to price and interest rate risk and linear exposure to implied
volatility risks. Market risks that are incorporated in the VaR model include
equity and commodity prices, interest rates, foreign exchange rates and
associated volatilities. As a supplement to the use of historical simulation
for major market risk factors, the Company's VaR model uses Monte Carlo
simulation to capture name-specific risk in equities and in corporate and
high-yield bonds. For example, the model includes measures of name-specific
risk for approximately 10,000 equity names and 100 classes of corporate and
high-yield bonds.

  VaR models such as the Company's should be expected to evolve over time in
response to changes in the composition of trading portfolios and to
improvements in modeling techniques and systems capabilities. For example,
during fiscal 2000, as part of the Company's ongoing program of VaR model
enhancement, position and risk coverage were broadened and risk measurement
methodologies were refined for certain energy and fixed income products.

  Among their benefits, VaR models permit estimation of a portfolio's
aggregate market risk exposure, incorporating a range of varied market risks;
reflect risk reduction due to portfolio diversification; and can cover a wide
range of portfolio assets yet are relatively easy to interpret. However, VaR
risk measures should be interpreted in light of the methodology's limitations,
which include the following: past changes in market risk factors will not
always yield accurate predictions of the distributions and correlations of
future market movements; changes in portfolio value in response to market
movements may differ from the responses calculated by a VaR model; VaR using a
one-day time horizon does not fully capture the market risk of positions that
cannot be liquidated or hedged within one day; the historical market risk
factor data used for VaR estimation may provide only limited insight into
losses that could be incurred under market conditions that are unusual
relative to the historical period used in estimating the VaR; and published
VaR results reflect past trading positions while future risk depends on future
positions. The Company is aware of these and other limitations and, therefore,
uses VaR as only one component in its risk management review process. This
process also incorporates stress testing and extensive risk monitoring and
control at the trading desk, division and Company levels.

 VaR for Fiscal 2000

  The table below presents the Company's VaR for each of the Company's primary
market risk exposures and on an aggregate basis at November 30, 2000 and
November 30, 1999, incorporating substantially all financial instruments
generating market risk that are managed by the Company's institutional trading
businesses. This measure of VaR incorporates most of the Company's trading-
related market risks. However, a small proportion of trading positions
generating market risk was not covered, and the modeling of the risk
characteristics of some positions involved approximations that could be
significant under certain circumstances. Aspects of market risk associated
with positions reflected in the VaR results below that the Company has found
particularly difficult to model include certain risks associated with fixed
income instruments (such as prepayment behavior of mortgage-backed securities
and elements of credit derivatives price risk), name-specific equity price
risk in newly public companies, certain commodity price risks (such as
electricity price risk) and certain liquidity risks.

                                      55
<PAGE>

  Aggregate VaR also incorporates (a) the funding liabilities related to
institutional trading positions and (b) public-company equity positions
recorded as principal investments by the Company. The incremental impact on
VaR of these non-trading positions was not material as of November 30, 2000
and 1999, and, therefore, the table below does not separately report trading
and non-trading VaRs.

  Non-publicly traded principal investments made by the Company are not
reflected in the VaR results reported below. As of November 30, 2000, the
total amount of such investments was approximately $1 billion.

  Since VaR statistics reported below are estimates based on historical
position and market data, VaR should not be viewed as predictive of the
Company's future financial performance or its ability to monitor and manage
risk. There can be no assurance that the Company's actual losses on a
particular day will not exceed the VaR amounts indicated below or that such
losses will not occur more than once in 100 trading days.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       99%/One-Day VaR
   Primary Market Risk Category                        at November 30
   ----------------------------                --------------------------------
                                                    2000             1999
                                               ---------------       ----
                                               (dollars in millions, pre-tax)
   <S>                                         <C>              <C>
   Interest rate.............................. $            28  $            33
   Equity price...............................              27               32
   Foreign exchange rate......................               5                3
   Commodity price............................              17               16
                                               ---------------  ---------------
   Subtotal...................................              77               84
   Less diversification benefit(1)............              35               33
                                               ---------------  ---------------
   Aggregate VaR.............................. $            42  $            51
                                               ===============  ===============
</TABLE>
- --------
(1) Equals the difference between Aggregate VaR and the sum of the VaRs for
    the four risk categories. This benefit arises because the simulated
    99%/one-day losses for each of the four primary market risk categories
    occur on different days; similar diversification benefits also are taken
    into account within each such category.

  The change in aggregate VaR and its interest rate and equity price
components from November 30, 1999 to November 30, 2000 primarily reflected a
reduction in municipal, emerging market and high-yield debt positions in the
Company's trading portfolio and the sale of certain private equity positions.

  In order to facilitate comparisons with other global financial services
firms, the Company notes that its Aggregate VaR values at November 30, 2000
for other confidence levels and time horizons were as follows: $29 million for
95%/one-day VaR and $134 million for 99%/two-week VaR.

  The table below presents the high, low and average 99%/one-day trading VaR
over the course of fiscal 2000 for substantially all of the Company's
institutional trading activities. Certain market risks included in the year-
end VaR discussed above are excluded from this measure (e.g., equity price
risk in public-company equity positions recorded as principal investments by
the Company and certain funding liabilities related to trading positions).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Daily 99%/One-
                                                                    Day VaR
   Primary Market Risk Category                                 for Fiscal 2000
   ----------------------------                                 ----------------
                                                                High Low Average
                                                                ---- --- -------
                                                                  (dollars in
                                                                 millions, pre-
                                                                      tax)
   <S>                                                          <C>  <C> <C>
   Interest rate............................................... $48  $21   $29
   Equity price................................................  36   17    24
   Foreign exchange rate.......................................  11    3     5
   Commodity price.............................................  21   11    16
   Trading VaR................................................. $51  $33   $40
</TABLE>

                                      56
<PAGE>

  The histogram below presents the Company's daily 99%/one-day VaR for its
institutional trading activities during fiscal 2000:

Description of Histogram: The horizontal axis of the chart categorizes the
99%/one-day Value-at-Risk into numerical ranges. The vertical axis of the chart
indicates the number of trading days that Value-at-Risk fell into a given
numerical range. The histogram shows that distribution of daily 99%/one-day
Value-at-Risk during fiscal year 2000 was:

          ---------------------------------------------------------
                   Value - at - Risk       |
             (in millions of U.S. dollars) |      Number of Days
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                     Less than 35          |             2
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         35 to 36          |             6
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         36 to 37          |             10
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         37 to 38          |             16
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         38 to 39          |             28
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         39 to 40          |             31
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         40 to 41          |             37
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         41 to 42          |             29
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         42 to 43          |             28
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         43 to 44          |             19
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         44 to 45          |             10
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         45 to 46          |             14
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         46 to 47          |             13
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         47 to 48          |             5
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         48 to 49          |             3
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         49 to 50          |             1
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                  Greater than 50          |             2
          ---------------------------------------------------------

  The histogram below shows the distribution of daily revenues during fiscal
2000 for the Company's institutional trading businesses (net of interest
expense and including commissions and primary revenue credited to the trading
businesses):

Description of Histogram: The horizontal axis of the chart categorizes daily net
revenue of the institutional trading businesses into numerical ranges. The
vertical axis of the chart indicates the number of trading days that revenue
fell into a given numerical range. The histogram shows that distribution of
daily institutional trading revenue during fiscal year 2000 was:

          ---------------------------------------------------------
              Daily Institutional Trading  |
                        Revenue            |
             (in millions of U.S. dollars) |      Number of Days
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                     Less than -10         |             4
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                        -10 to -5          |             3
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         -5 to 0           |             5
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                          0 to 5           |             5
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                          5 to 10          |             9
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         10 to 15          |             13
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         15 to 20          |             15
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         20 to 25          |             20
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         25 to 30          |             28
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         30 to 35          |             22
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         35 to 40          |             31
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         40 to 45          |             22
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         45 to 50          |             15
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         50 to 55          |             10
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         55 to 60          |             17
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         60 to 65          |             12
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         65 to 70          |             4
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         70 to 75          |             6
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         75 to 80          |             5
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         80 to 85          |             0
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         85 to 90          |             2
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         90 to 95          |             2
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                         95 to 100         |             1
          ---------------------------------|-----------------------
                  Greater than 100         |             5
          ---------------------------------------------------------

  The Company evaluates the reasonableness of its VaR model by comparing the
potential declines in portfolio values generated by the model with actual
trading results. There were no days during fiscal 2000 in which the Company
incurred daily mark-to-market losses (trading revenue net of interest income
and expense

                                       57
<PAGE>

and excluding commissions and primary revenue credited to the trading
businesses) in its institutional trading business in excess of the 99%/one-day
VaR.

Consumer Lending and Related Activities

 Interest Rate Risk and Management

  In its consumer lending activities, the Company is exposed to market risk
primarily from changes in interest rates. Such changes in interest rates
impact interest earning assets, principally credit card and other consumer
loans and net servicing fees received in connection with consumer loans sold
through asset securitizations, as well as the interest-sensitive liabilities
which finance these assets, including asset-backed securitizations; long-term
borrowings; deposits; Federal Funds; and short-term bank notes.

  The Company's interest rate risk management policies are designed to reduce
the potential volatility of earnings which may arise from changes in interest
rates. This is accomplished primarily by matching the repricing of credit card
and consumer loans and the related financing. To the extent that asset and
related financing repricing characteristics of a particular portfolio are not
matched effectively, the Company utilizes interest rate derivative contracts,
such as swap agreements, to achieve its matched financing objectives. Interest
rate swap agreements effectively convert the underlying asset or financing
from fixed to variable repricing, from variable to fixed repricing or, in more
limited circumstances, from variable to variable repricing.

 Sensitivity Analysis Methodology, Assumptions and Limitations

  For its consumer lending activities, the Company uses a variety of
techniques to assess its interest rate risk exposure, one of which is interest
rate sensitivity simulation. For purposes of presenting the possible earnings
effect of a hypothetical, adverse change in interest rates over the 12-month
period from its fiscal year-end, the Company assumes that all interest rate
sensitive assets and liabilities will be impacted by a hypothetical, immediate
100-basis-point increase in interest rates as of the beginning of the period.

  Interest rate sensitive assets are assumed to be those for which the stated
interest rate is not contractually fixed for the next 12-month period. In
fiscal 2000, a substantial portion of the Company's credit card receivables
was repriced to a variable interest rate. These assets which have a market-
based index, such as the prime rate, which will reset before the end of the
12-month period, or assets with rates that are fixed at fiscal year-end but
which will mature, or otherwise contractually reset to a market-based indexed
or other fixed rate prior to the end of the 12-month period, are rate-
sensitive. The latter category includes certain credit card loans which may be
offered at below-market rates for an introductory period, such as for balance
transfers and special promotional programs, after which the loans will
contractually reprice in accordance with the Company's normal market-based
pricing structure. For purposes of measuring rate-sensitivity for such loans,
only the effect of the hypothetical 100-basis-point change in the underlying
market-based indexed or other fixed rate has been considered rather than the
full change in the rate to which the loan would contractually reprice. For
assets which have a fixed rate at fiscal year-end but which contractually
will, or are assumed to, reset to a market-based indexed or other fixed rate
during the next 12 months, earnings sensitivity is measured from the expected
repricing date. For the remainder of the Company's credit card receivables
which have a fixed interest rate, the Company has the right, with notice to
cardmembers, to reprice the receivables to a new interest rate. The Company
considers such receivables to be interest rate sensitive, consistent with its
policy of matching the repricing of its credit card receivables and the
related financing. The Company measured the earnings sensitivity for these
assets from the expected repricing date, which takes into consideration the
required notice period and billing cycles. In addition, for all interest rate
sensitive assets, earnings sensitivity is calculated net of expected loan
losses.

  Interest rate sensitive liabilities are assumed to be those for which the
stated interest rate is not contractually fixed for the next 12-month period.
Thus, liabilities which have a market-based index, such as the prime,
commercial paper or LIBOR rates, which will reset before the end of the 12-
month period, or liabilities whose

                                      58
<PAGE>

rates are fixed at fiscal year-end but which will mature and be replaced with
a market-based indexed rate prior to the end of the 12-month period, are rate-
sensitive. For liabilities which have a fixed rate at fiscal year-end but
which are assumed to reset to a market-based index during the next 12 months,
earnings sensitivity is measured from the expected repricing date.

  Assuming a hypothetical, immediate 100-basis-point increase in the interest
rates affecting all interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities as of
November 30, 2000, it is estimated that the pre-tax income of consumer lending
and related activities over the following 12-month period would be reduced by
approximately $62 million. The comparable reduction of pre-tax income for the
12-month period following November 30, 1999 was estimated to be approximately
$10 million. The reduction in pre-tax income at November 30, 2000 was greater
as compared with the prior year primarily due to the Company's consumer loan
repricing actions made during fiscal 2000 and the related impact of the
funding supporting the Company's consumer loans.

  The hypothetical model assumes that the balances of interest rate sensitive
assets and liabilities at fiscal year-end will remain constant over the next
12-month period. It does not assume any growth, strategic change in business
focus, change in asset pricing philosophy or change in asset/liability funding
mix. Thus, this model represents a static analysis which cannot adequately
portray how the Company would respond to significant changes in market
conditions. Furthermore, the analysis does not necessarily reflect the
Company's expectations regarding the movement of interest rates in the near
term, including the likelihood of an immediate 100-basis-point change in
market interest rates, nor necessarily the actual effect on earnings if such
rate changes were to occur.

Credit Risk

  The Company's exposure to credit risk arises from the possibility that a
customer or counterparty to a transaction might fail to perform under its
contractual commitment, which could result in the Company incurring losses.
With respect to its institutional securities activities, the Company has
credit guidelines which limit the Company's current and potential credit
exposure to any one counterparty and to each type of counterparty (by rating
category). The Credit Department that is responsible for the Company's
institutional securities activities administers and monitors these credit
limits on a worldwide basis. In addition to monitoring credit limits, the
Company manages the credit exposure relating to its trading activities by
reviewing periodically counterparty financial soundness, by entering into
master netting agreements and collateral arrangements with counterparties in
appropriate circumstances, and by limiting the duration of exposure. In
certain cases, the Company also may close out transactions, enter into risk
reducing transactions, assign transactions to other counterparties or purchase
credit protection to mitigate credit risk. With respect to the leveraged
lending business, the Leveraged Financing Commitment Committee, which is
composed of senior managers from various departments within the Company,
including the Credit Department, reviews each leveraged loan request.

  With respect to its consumer lending activities, potential credit card
holders undergo credit reviews by the Credit Department of Discover Financial
Services to establish that they meet standards of ability and willingness to
pay. Credit card applications are evaluated using scoring models (statistical
evaluation models) based on information obtained from applicants and credit
bureaus. The Company's credit scoring systems include both industry and
customized models using the Company's criteria and historical data. Each
cardmember's credit line is reviewed at least annually, and actions resulting
from such review may include raising or lowering a cardmember's credit line or
closing the account. In addition, the Company, on a portfolio basis, performs
periodic monitoring and review of consumer behavior and risk profiles. The
Company also reviews the creditworthiness of prospective Discover Business
Services merchants and conducts annual reviews of merchants with the greatest
scrutiny given to merchants with substantial sales volume.

  The Company is subject to concentration risk by holding large positions in
certain types of securities or commitments to purchase securities of a single
issuer, including sovereign governments and other entities, issuers located in
a particular country or geographic area, public and private issuers involving
developing countries or issuers engaged in a particular industry (see Note 9
to the consolidated financial statements).

                                      59
<PAGE>

Operational Risk

  Operational risk refers generally to the risk of loss resulting from the
Company's operations, including, but not limited to, improper or unauthorized
execution and processing of transactions, deficiencies in the Company's
operating systems, and inadequacies or breaches in the Company's control
processes. The Company operates different businesses in diverse markets and is
reliant on the ability of its employees and systems to process high numbers of
transactions. These transactions may cross multiple markets and involve
different currencies. In the event of a breakdown or improper operation of
systems or improper action by employees, the Company could suffer financial
loss, regulatory sanctions and damage to its reputation.

  In order to mitigate and control operational risk, the Company has developed
and continues to enhance specific policies and procedures that are designed to
identify and manage operational risk at appropriate levels. For example, the
Company's securities business has procedures that require that all
transactions are accurately recorded and properly reflected in the Company's
books and records and are confirmed on a timely basis; that position
valuations are subject to periodic independent review procedures; and that
collateral and adequate documentation (e.g., master agreements) are obtained
from counterparties in appropriate circumstances. With respect to its consumer
lending activities, the Company manages operational risk through its system of
internal controls which provides checks and balances to ensure that
transactions and other account-related activity (e.g., new account
solicitation, transaction authorization and processing, billing and collection
of delinquent accounts) are properly approved, processed, recorded and
reconciled. Disaster recovery plans are in place for critical systems on a
Company-wide basis, and redundancies are built into the systems as deemed
appropriate. The Company also uses periodic self-assessments and Internal
Audit reviews as a further check on operational risk.

Legal Risk

  Legal risk includes the risk of non-compliance with applicable legal and
regulatory requirements and the risk that a counterparty's performance
obligations will be unenforceable. The Company is generally subject to
extensive regulation in the different jurisdictions in which it conducts its
business. The Company has established procedures based on legal and regulatory
requirements on a worldwide basis that are designed to ensure compliance with
all applicable statutory and regulatory requirements. The Company, principally
through the Law and Compliance Department, also has established procedures
that are designed to ensure that senior management's policies relating to
conduct, ethics and business practices are followed globally. In connection
with its businesses, the Company has various procedures addressing issues,
such as regulatory capital requirements, sales and trading practices, new
products, use and safekeeping of customer funds and securities, credit
granting, collection activities, money-laundering and recordkeeping. The
Company also has established procedures to mitigate the risk that a
counterparty's performance obligations will be unenforceable, including
consideration of counterparty legal authority and capacity, adequacy of legal
documentation, the permissibility of a transaction under applicable law and
whether applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws limit or alter contractual
remedies.

                                      60
<PAGE>

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

                        REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co.:

  We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial
condition of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co. and subsidiaries (the "Company")
as of fiscal years ended November 30, 2000 and 1999, and the related
consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows and
changes in shareholders' equity for each of the three fiscal years in the
period ended November 30, 2000. These consolidated financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audits.

  We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

  In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co. and subsidiaries at fiscal years ended
November 30, 2000 and 1999, and the consolidated results of their operations
and their cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended
November 30, 2000, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America.

  As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, in fiscal
1998, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co. changed its method of accounting for
certain offering costs of closed-end funds.

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

New York, New York
January 12, 2001

                                      61
<PAGE>

                        MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

                 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition
                    (dollars in millions, except share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     November 30, November 30,
                                                         2000         1999
                                                     ------------ ------------
<S>                                                  <C>          <C>
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents...........................   $ 18,819     $ 12,325
Cash and securities deposited with clearing
   organizations or segregated under federal and
   other regulations (including securities at fair
   value of $41,312 at November 30, 2000 and $6,925
   at November 30, 1999)............................     48,637        9,713

Financial instruments owned:
  U.S. government and agency securities.............     28,841       25,646
  Other sovereign government obligations............     24,119       17,522
  Corporate and other debt..........................     33,419       30,443
  Corporate equities................................     16,889       14,843
  Derivative contracts..............................     27,333       22,769
  Physical commodities..............................        217          819
Securities purchased under agreements to resell.....     50,992       70,366
Receivable for securities provided as collateral....      3,563        9,007
Securities borrowed.................................    105,231       85,064

Receivables:
  Consumer loans (net of allowances of $780 at
   November 30, 2000 and $769 at November 30,
   1999)............................................     21,090       20,229
  Customers, net....................................     26,015       29,299
  Brokers, dealers and clearing organizations.......      1,257        2,252
  Fees, interest and other..........................      6,102        5,371
Office facilities, at cost (less accumulated
   depreciation of $1,934 at November 30, 2000 and
   $1,667 at November 30, 1999).....................      2,685        2,204
Aircraft under operating leases (less accumulated
   depreciation of $257 at November 30, 2000 and
   $101 at November 30, 1999).......................      3,927        1,884
Other assets........................................      7,658        7,211
                                                       --------     --------
Total assets........................................   $426,794     $366,967
                                                       ========     ========
</TABLE>

                                       62
<PAGE>

                        MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

          Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition--(Continued)
                    (dollars in millions, except share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      November 30, November 30,
                                                          2000         1999
                                                      ------------ ------------
<S>                                                   <C>          <C>
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Commercial paper and other short-term borrowings.....   $ 27,754     $ 38,242
Deposits.............................................     11,930       10,397
Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased:
  U.S. government and agency securities..............     13,578       12,285
  Other sovereign government obligations.............      6,959        7,812
  Corporate and other debt...........................      6,772        2,322
  Corporate equities.................................     15,091       15,402
  Derivative contracts...............................     27,547       23,228
  Physical commodities...............................      1,462          919
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase.......     97,230      104,450
Obligation to return securities received as
 collateral..........................................      8,353       14,729
Securities loaned....................................     35,211       30,080

Payables:
  Customers..........................................     94,546       45,775
  Brokers, dealers and clearing organizations........      3,072        1,335
  Interest and dividends.............................      2,766        2,951
Other liabilities and accrued expenses...............     12,731       10,439
Long-term borrowings.................................     42,051       28,604
                                                        --------     --------
                                                         407,053      348,970
                                                        --------     --------
Capital Units........................................         70          583
                                                        --------     --------
Preferred Securities Issued by Subsidiaries..........        400          400
                                                        --------     --------
Commitments and contingencies

Shareholders' equity:
  Preferred stock....................................        545          670
  Common stock (1) ($0.01 par value, 3,500,000,000
   shares authorized, 1,211,685,904 and 1,211,685,904
   shares issued, 1,107,270,331 and 1,104,630,098
   shares outstanding at November 30, 2000 and
   November 30, 1999, respectively)..................         12           12
  Paid-in capital (1)................................      3,377        3,836
  Retained earnings..................................     20,802       16,285
  Employee stock trust...............................      3,042        2,426
  Cumulative translation adjustments.................        (91)         (27)
                                                        --------     --------
    Subtotal.........................................     27,687       23,202
  Note receivable related to ESOP....................        (44)         (55)
  Common stock held in treasury, at cost (1) ($0.01
   par value, 104,415,573 and 107,055,806 shares at
   November 30, 2000 and November 30, 1999,
   respectively).....................................     (6,024)      (4,355)
  Common stock issued to employee trust..............     (2,348)      (1,778)
                                                        --------     --------
    Total shareholders' equity.......................     19,271       17,014
                                                        --------     --------
  Total liabilities and shareholders' equity.........   $426,794     $366,967
                                                        ========     ========
</TABLE>
- --------
(1) Amounts have been retroactively adjusted to give effect for a two-for-one
    common stock split, effected in the form of a 100% stock dividend, which
    became effective on January 26, 2000.

                See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       63
<PAGE>

                        MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

                       Consolidated Statements of Income
             (dollars in millions, except share and per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   Fiscal Year
                                    -----------------------------------------
                                        2000          1999          1998
                                    ------------- ------------- -------------
<S>                                 <C>           <C>           <C>
Revenues:
 Investment banking................ $       5,008 $       4,523 $       3,340
 Principal transactions:
  Trading..........................         7,393         5,830         3,159
  Investments......................           193           725            89
 Commissions.......................         3,645         2,774         2,208
 Fees:
  Asset management, distribution
   and administration..............         4,219         3,324         3,003
  Merchant and cardmember..........         1,780         1,492         1,647
  Servicing........................         1,450         1,194           928
 Interest and dividends............        21,234        14,880        16,386
 Other.............................           491           248           282
                                    ------------- ------------- -------------
  Total revenues...................        45,413        34,990        31,042
 Interest expense..................        18,176        12,515        13,464
 Provision for consumer loan
  losses...........................           810           529         1,173
                                    ------------- ------------- -------------
  Net revenues.....................        26,427        21,946        16,405
                                    ------------- ------------- -------------
Non-interest expenses:
 Compensation and benefits.........        10,936         8,398         6,636
 Occupancy and equipment...........           772           643           583
 Brokerage, clearing and exchange
  fees.............................           519           485           552
 Information processing and
  communications...................         1,556         1,325         1,140
 Marketing and business
  development......................         2,058         1,679         1,411
 Professional services.............         1,037           836           677
 Other.............................         1,058           852           706
                                    ------------- ------------- -------------
  Total non-interest expenses......        17,936        14,218        11,705
                                    ------------- ------------- -------------
Gain on sale of businesses.........            35           --            685
                                    ------------- ------------- -------------
Income before income taxes and
 cumulative effect of accounting
 change............................         8,526         7,728         5,385
Provision for income taxes.........         3,070         2,937         1,992
                                    ------------- ------------- -------------
Income before cumulative effect of
 accounting change.................         5,456         4,791         3,393
Cumulative effect of accounting
 change............................           --            --           (117)
                                    ------------- ------------- -------------
Net income......................... $       5,456 $       4,791 $       3,276
                                    ============= ============= =============
Preferred stock dividend
 requirements...................... $          36 $          44 $          55
                                    ============= ============= =============
Earnings applicable to common
 shares (1)........................ $       5,420 $       4,747 $       3,221
                                    ============= ============= =============
Earnings per common share (2):
 Basic before cumulative effect of
  accounting change................ $        4.95 $        4.33 $        2.90
 Cumulative effect of accounting
  change...........................           --            --          (0.10)
                                    ------------- ------------- -------------
 Basic............................. $        4.95 $        4.33 $        2.80
                                    ============= ============= =============
 Diluted before cumulative effect
  of accounting change............. $        4.73 $        4.10 $        2.76
 Cumulative effect of accounting
  change...........................           --            --          (0.09)
                                    ------------- ------------- -------------
 Diluted........................... $        4.73 $        4.10 $        2.67
                                    ============= ============= =============
Average common shares outstanding
 (2):
 Basic............................. 1,095,858,438 1,096,789,720 1,151,645,450
                                    ============= ============= =============
 Diluted........................... 1,145,011,515 1,159,500,670 1,212,588,130
                                    ============= ============= =============
</TABLE>
- --------
(1) Amounts shown are used to calculate basic earnings per common share.

(2) Amounts have been retroactively adjusted to give effect for a two-for-one
    common stock split, effected in the form of a 100% stock dividend, which
    became effective on January 26, 2000.

                See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       64
<PAGE>

                        MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

                Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
                             (dollars in millions)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              Fiscal Year
                                                          ----------------------
                                                           2000    1999    1998
                                                          ------  ------  ------
<S>                                                       <C>     <C>     <C>
Net income............................................... $5,456  $4,791  $3,276
Other comprehensive income, net of tax:
  Foreign currency translation adjustment................    (64)    (15)     (3)
                                                          ------  ------  ------
Comprehensive income..................................... $5,392  $4,776  $3,273
                                                          ======  ======  ======
</TABLE>





                See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       65
<PAGE>

                        MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

                     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                             (dollars in millions)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Fiscal Year
                                                  ----------------------------
                                                    2000      1999      1998
                                                  --------  --------  --------
<S>                                               <C>       <C>       <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net income......................................  $  5,456  $  4,791  $  3,276
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
 (used for) provided by operating activities:
  Non-cash charges (credits) included in net
   income:
  Cumulative effect of accounting change........       --        --        117
  Gain on sale of businesses....................       (35)      --       (685)
  Deferred income taxes.........................      (219)     (160)      (55)
  Compensation payable in common or preferred
   stock........................................       908       735       408
  Depreciation and amortization.................       727       541       575
  Provision for consumer loan losses............       810       529     1,173
  Changes in assets and liabilities:
  Cash and securities deposited with clearing
   organizations or segregated under federal and
   other regulations............................   (38,924)      839    (3,641)
  Financial instruments owned, net of financial
   instruments sold, not yet purchased..........   (10,524)  (22,081)   11,127
  Securities borrowed, net of securities
   loaned.......................................   (15,036)   (8,798)   (5,061)
  Receivables and other assets..................     2,077   (11,276)    2,114
  Payables and other liabilities................    52,376     5,656     6,081
                                                  --------  --------  --------
Net cash (used for) provided by operating
 activities.....................................    (2,384)  (29,224)   15,429
                                                  --------  --------  --------

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Net (payments for) proceeds from:
 Office facilities..............................      (836)     (656)     (358)
 Sale of businesses, net of disposal costs......       --        --      1,399
 Purchase of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, S.V.,
  S.A., net of cash acquired....................       --       (223)      --
 Purchase of Ansett Worldwide, net of cash
  acquired......................................      (199)      --        --
 Net principal disbursed on consumer loans......   (11,410)   (8,769)   (2,314)
 Sales of consumer loans........................     9,760     2,997     4,466
                                                  --------  --------  --------
Net cash (used for) provided by investing
 activities.....................................    (2,685)   (6,651)    3,193
                                                  --------  --------  --------

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Net (payments for) proceeds from short-term
 borrowings.....................................   (10,563)    9,994     5,620
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase,
 net of securities purchased under agreements to
 resell.........................................    12,154    21,327   (14,407)
Net proceeds from (payments for):
 Deposits.......................................     1,533     2,200      (796)
 Issuance of common stock.......................       338       223       126
 Issuance of put options........................        42         9       --
 Issuance of long-term borrowings...............    22,475     7,552     9,771
 Issuance of Preferred Securities Issued by
  Subsidiaries..................................       --        --        400
Payments for:
 Repayments of long-term borrowings.............    (9,351)   (6,618)   (7,069)
 Redemption of cumulative preferred stock.......       --        --       (200)
 Redemption of Capital Units....................      (513)     (416)      --
 Repurchases of common stock....................    (3,628)   (2,374)   (2,925)
 Cash dividends.................................      (924)     (575)     (519)
                                                  --------  --------  --------
Net cash provided by (used for) financing
 activities.....................................    11,563    31,322    (9,999)
                                                  --------  --------  --------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
 equivalents....................................     6,494    (4,553)    8,623
Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of
 period.........................................    12,325    16,878     8,255
                                                  --------  --------  --------
Cash and cash equivalents, at end of period.....  $ 18,819  $ 12,325  $ 16,878
                                                  ========  ========  ========
</TABLE>

                See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       66
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

          Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity
                             (dollars in millions)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                         Common
                                                                                               Common    Stock
                                                                                      Note      Stock    Issued
                                                              Employee Cumulative  Receivable  Held in     to
                      Preferred  Common   Paid-in   Retained   Stock   Translation Related to Treasury, Employee
                        Stock   Stock(1) Capital(1) Earnings   Trust   Adjustments    ESOP     at Cost   Trust     Total
                      --------- -------- ---------- --------  -------- ----------- ---------- --------- --------  -------
<S>                   <C>       <C>      <C>        <C>       <C>      <C>         <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>
BALANCE AT
NOVEMBER 30, 1997...   $  876     $12      $3,721   $ 9,330    $1,681     $ (9)       $(68)    $  (250) $(1,337)  $13,956
Net income..........      --      --          --      3,276       --       --          --          --       --      3,276
Dividends...........      --      --          --       (526)      --       --          --          --       --       (526)
Redemption of 7-
 3/8% Cumulative
 Preferred Stock....     (200)    --          --        --        --       --          --          --       --       (200)
Conversion of ESOP
 Preferred Stock....       (2)    --          (12)      --        --       --          --           14      --        --
Issuance of common
 stock..............      --      --         (261)      --        --       --          --          387      --        126
Repurchases of
 common stock.......      --      --          --        --        --       --          --       (2,925)     --     (2,925)
Compensation payable
 in common stock....      --      --          292       --        232      --          --           72     (189)      407
ESOP shares
 allocated, at
 cost...............      --      --          --        --        --       --            8         --       --          8
Translation
 adjustments........      --      --          --        --        --        (3)        --          --       --         (3)
                       ------     ---      ------   -------    ------     ----        ----     -------  -------   -------
BALANCE AT
NOVEMBER 30, 1998...      674      12       3,740    12,080     1,913      (12)        (60)     (2,702)  (1,526)   14,119
Net income..........      --      --          --      4,791       --       --          --          --       --      4,791
Dividends...........      --      --          --       (586)      --       --          --          --       --       (586)
Conversion of ESOP
 Preferred Stock....       (4)    --          (18)      --        --       --          --           22      --        --
Issuance of common
 stock..............      --      --         (223)      --        --       --          --          446      --        223
Repurchases of
 common stock.......      --      --          --        --        --       --          --       (2,374)     --     (2,374)
Compensation payable
 in common stock....      --      --          312       --        513      --          --          205     (252)      778
ESOP shares
 allocated, at
 cost...............      --      --          --        --        --       --            5         --       --          5
Issuance of common
 stock in connection
 with Morgan Stanley
 Dean Witter, S.V.,
 S.A. acquisition...      --      --           16       --        --       --          --           48      --         64
Issuance of put
 options............      --      --            9       --        --       --          --          --       --          9
Translation
 adjustments........      --      --          --        --        --       (15)        --          --       --        (15)
                       ------     ---      ------   -------    ------     ----        ----     -------  -------   -------
BALANCE AT
NOVEMBER 30, 1999...      670      12       3,836    16,285     2,426      (27)        (55)     (4,355)  (1,778)   17,014
Net income..........      --      --          --      5,456       --       --          --          --       --      5,456
Dividends...........      --      --          --       (939)      --       --          --          --       --       (939)
Conversion of ESOP
 Preferred Stock....    (125)     --         (817)      --        --       --          --          942      --        --
Issuance of common
 stock..............      --      --         (446)      --        --       --          --          784      --        338
Issuance of put
 options............      --      --           42       --        --       --          --          --       --         42
Exercise of put
 options............      --      --           (4)      --        --       --          --            4      --        --
Repurchases of
 common stock.......      --      --          --        --        --       --          --       (3,628)     --     (3,628)
Compensation payable
 in common stock....      --      --          766       --        616      --          --          229     (570)    1,041
ESOP shares
 allocated, at
 cost...............      --      --          --        --        --       --           11         --       --         11
Translation
 adjustments........      --      --          --        --        --       (64)        --          --       --        (64)
                       ------     ---      ------   -------    ------     ----        ----     -------  -------   -------
BALANCE AT
NOVEMBER 30, 2000...   $  545     $12      $3,377   $20,802    $3,042     $(91)       $(44)    $(6,024) $(2,348)  $19,271
                       ======     ===      ======   =======    ======     ====        ====     =======  =======   =======
</TABLE>
- -------
(1) Amounts have been retroactively adjusted to give effect for a two-for-one
    common stock split, effected in the form of a 100% stock dividend, which
    became effective on January 26, 2000.

                See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                      67
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. Introduction and Basis of Presentation

The Company

  Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co. (the "Company") is a global financial
services firm that maintains leading market positions in each of its three
business segments--Securities, Asset Management and Credit Services. Its
Securities business includes securities underwriting and distribution; merger,
acquisition, restructuring, real estate, project finance and other corporate
finance advisory activities; full-service brokerage and financial advisory
services; sales, trading, financing and market-making in equity and fixed
income securities, foreign exchange and commodities, and derivatives; and
private equity and other principal investing activities. The Company's Asset
Management business provides global asset management products and services to
individual and institutional investors primarily through Morgan Stanley Dean
Witter Advisors, Van Kampen Investments, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Investment
Management and Miller Anderson & Sherrerd. The Company's Credit Services
business includes the issuance of the Discover(R) Card, the Discover Platinum
Card, the Morgan Stanley Dean WitterSM Card and other proprietary general
purpose credit cards; and the operation of Discover Business Services, a
proprietary network of merchant and cash access locations in the U.S.

  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
and its U.S. and international subsidiaries, including Morgan Stanley & Co.
Incorporated ("MS&Co."), Morgan Stanley & Co. International Limited ("MSIL"),
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Japan Limited ("MSDWJL"), Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
("DWR"), Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Advisors Inc. and NOVUS Credit Services
Inc.

Basis of Financial Information

  The consolidated financial statements for the 12 months ended November 30,
2000 ("fiscal 2000"), November 30, 1999 ("fiscal 1999") and November 30, 1998
("fiscal 1998") are prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the U.S., which require management to make estimates and
assumptions regarding certain trading inventory valuations, consumer loan loss
levels, the potential outcome of litigation and other matters that affect the
consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. Management believes
that the estimates utilized in the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements are prudent and reasonable. Actual results could differ materially
from these estimates.

  Certain reclassifications have been made to prior-year amounts to conform to
the current presentation. All material intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated.

Stock Split

  On December 20, 1999, the Company declared a two-for-one common stock split,
effected in the form of a 100% stock dividend, payable to shareholders of
record on January 12, 2000 and distributable on January 26, 2000. All share,
per share and shareholders' equity data have been retroactively restated to
reflect this split.

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

  For purposes of these statements, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash
and highly liquid investments not held for resale with maturities, when
purchased, of three months or less.

  In connection with the fiscal 2000 purchase of Ansett Worldwide Aviation
Services, the Company assumed $1,380 million of long-term borrowings.

  In connection with the fiscal 1999 purchase of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter,
S.V., S.A. (formerly AB Asesores), the Company issued 1.4 million shares of
common stock having a fair value on the date of acquisition of $64 million.

                                      68
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


Consumer Loans

  Consumer loans, which consist primarily of credit card and consumer
installment loans, are reported at their principal amounts outstanding, less
applicable allowances. Interest on consumer loans is credited to income as
earned.

  Interest is accrued on credit card loans until the date of charge-off, which
generally occurs at the end of the month during which an account becomes 180
days past due, except in the case of bankruptcies and fraudulent transactions,
which are charged off earlier. The interest portion of charged-off credit card
loans is written off against interest revenue. Origination costs related to
the issuance of credit cards are charged to earnings over periods not
exceeding 12 months.

Allowance for Consumer Loan Losses

  The allowance for consumer loan losses is a significant estimate that is
regularly evaluated by management for adequacy and is established through a
charge to the provision for consumer loan losses. The evaluations take into
consideration factors such as changes in the nature and volume of the loan
portfolio, overall portfolio quality, review of specific problem loans and
current economic conditions that may affect a borrower's ability to pay.

  The Company uses the results of these evaluations to provide an allowance
for consumer loan losses. The exposure for credit losses for owned loans is
influenced by the performance of the portfolio and other factors discussed
above, with the Company absorbing all related losses.

Securitization of Consumer Loans

  The Company periodically sells consumer loans through asset securitizations
and continues to service these loans. The present value of the future net
servicing revenues that the Company estimates it will receive over the term of
the securitized loans is recognized in income as the loans are securitized. A
corresponding asset also is recorded and then amortized as a charge to income
over the term of the securitized loans, with actual net servicing revenues
continuing to be recognized in income as they are earned. The impact of
recognizing the present value of estimated future net servicing revenues as
loans are securitized has not been material to the Company's consolidated
statements of income. The exposure for credit losses for securitized loans is
limited to the Company's retained contingent risk, which represents the
Company's retained interest in securitized loans and any credit enhancement
provided.

Financial Instruments Used for Trading and Investment

  Financial instruments, including derivatives, used in the Company's trading
activities are recorded at fair value, and unrealized gains and losses are
reflected in trading revenues. Interest and dividend revenue and interest
expense arising from financial instruments used in trading activities are
reflected in the consolidated statements of income as interest and dividend
revenue or interest expense. The fair values of the trading positions
generally are based on listed market prices. If listed market prices are not
available or if the liquidation of the Company's positions would reasonably be
expected to impact market prices, fair value is determined based on other
relevant factors, including dealer price quotations and price quotations for
similar instruments traded in different markets, including markets located in
different geographic areas. Fair values for certain derivative contracts are
derived from pricing models which consider current market and contractual
prices for the underlying financial instruments or commodities, as well as
time value and yield curve or volatility factors underlying the positions.
Purchases and sales of financial instruments are recorded in the accounts on
trade date. Unrealized gains and losses arising from the Company's dealings in
over-the-counter ("OTC") financial instruments, including derivative contracts
related to financial instruments and commodities, are presented in the
accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition on a net-by-
counterparty basis, when appropriate.

                                      69
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


  Equity securities purchased in connection with private equity and other
principal investment activities initially are carried in the consolidated
financial statements at their original costs. The carrying value of such
equity securities is adjusted when changes in the underlying fair values are
readily ascertainable, generally as evidenced by listed market prices or
transactions that directly affect the value of such equity securities.
Downward adjustments relating to such equity securities are made in the event
that the Company determines that the eventual realizable value is less than
the carrying value. The carrying value of investments made in connection with
principal real estate activities that do not involve equity securities are
adjusted periodically based on independent appraisals, estimates prepared by
the Company of discounted future cash flows of the underlying real estate
assets or other indicators of fair value. Loans made in connection with
private equity and investment banking activities are carried at cost plus
accrued interest less reserves, if deemed necessary, for estimated losses.

Financial Instruments Used for Asset and Liability Management

  The Company has entered into various contracts as hedges against specific
assets, liabilities or anticipated transactions. These contracts include
interest rate swaps, foreign exchange forwards and foreign currency swaps. The
Company uses interest rate and currency swaps to manage the interest rate and
currency exposure arising from certain borrowings and to match the repricing
characteristics of consumer loans with those of the borrowings that fund these
loans. For contracts that are designated as hedges of the Company's assets and
liabilities, gains and losses are deferred and recognized as adjustments to
interest revenue or expense over the remaining life of the underlying assets
or liabilities. Gains and losses resulting from the termination of hedge
contracts prior to their stated maturity are recognized ratably over the
remaining life of the instrument being hedged. The Company also uses foreign
exchange forward contracts to manage the currency exposure relating to its net
monetary investment in non-U.S. dollar functional currency operations. The
gain or loss from revaluing these contracts is deferred and reported within
cumulative translation adjustments in shareholders' equity, net of tax
effects, with the related unrealized amounts due from or to counterparties
included in receivables from or payables to brokers, dealers and clearing
organizations.

Securities Transactions

  Clients' securities transactions are recorded on a settlement date basis
with related commission revenues and expenses recorded on the trade date.
Securities purchased under agreements to resell ("reverse repurchase
agreements") and securities sold under agreements to repurchase ("repurchase
agreements"), principally government and agency securities, are treated as
financing transactions and are carried at the amounts at which the securities
subsequently will be resold or reacquired as specified in the respective
agreements; such amounts include accrued interest. Reverse repurchase and
repurchase agreements are presented on a net-by-counterparty basis, when
appropriate. It is the Company's policy to take possession of securities
purchased under agreements to resell. The Company monitors the fair value of
the underlying securities as compared with the related receivable or payable,
including accrued interest, and, as necessary, requests additional collateral.
Where deemed appropriate, the Company's agreements with third parties specify
its rights to request additional collateral.

  Securities borrowed and securities loaned are carried at the amounts of cash
collateral advanced and received in connection with the transactions. The
Company measures the fair value of the securities borrowed and loaned against
the collateral on a daily basis. Additional collateral is obtained as
necessary to ensure such transactions are adequately collateralized.

  Collateral received under securities financing transactions, such as reverse
repurchase agreements, is recognized, together with a corresponding obligation
to return the collateral, if the collateral provider does not have the
contractual right to substitute collateral or redeem collateral on short
notice. Collateral transferred under securities financing transactions, such
as repurchase agreements, is reclassified from financial instruments owned

                                      70
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

to receivable for securities provided as collateral if the Company does not
have the contractual right to substitute collateral or redeem collateral on
short notice. At November 30, 2000 and 1999, the Company recorded obligations
to return securities received as collateral of $8,353 million and $14,729
million, respectively. The related assets received as collateral were recorded
among several captions included in the Company's consolidated statements of
financial condition. At November 30, 2000 and 1999, after giving effect to
reclassifications, the net increase in total assets and total liabilities was
$5,515 million and $10,256 million, respectively.

Investment Banking

  Underwriting revenues and fees for mergers and acquisitions and advisory
assignments are recorded when services for the transaction are substantially
completed. Transaction-related expenses are deferred and later expensed to
match revenue recognition.

Office Facilities

  Office facilities are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and
amortization. Depreciation and amortization of buildings and leasehold
improvements are provided principally by the straight-line method, while
depreciation and amortization of furniture, fixtures and equipment are
provided by both the straight-line and accelerated methods. Property and
equipment are depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the related
assets, while leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the
economic useful life of the asset or, where applicable, the remaining term of
the lease.

Income Taxes

  Income tax expense is provided for using the asset and liability method,
under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based upon the
temporary differences between the financial statement and income tax bases of
assets and liabilities, using currently enacted tax rates.

Earnings per Share

  The Company calculates earnings per share ("EPS") in accordance with
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 128, "Earnings per
Share." The calculations of earnings per common share are based on the
weighted average number of common shares and share equivalents outstanding and
give effect to preferred stock dividend requirements.

  "Basic EPS" reflects no dilution from common stock equivalents, and "diluted
EPS" reflects dilution from common stock equivalents and other dilutive
securities based on the average price per share of the Company's common stock
during the period.

Cardmember Rewards

  Cardmember rewards, primarily the Cashback Bonus(R) award, pursuant to which
the Company annually pays Discover Card cardmembers and Morgan Stanley Dean
Witter Card cardmembers electing this feature a percentage of their purchase
amounts ranging up to 1%, are based upon a cardmember's annual level and type
of purchases. The liability for cardmember rewards expense, included in other
liabilities and accrued expenses, is accrued at the time that qualified
cardmember transactions occur and is calculated on an individual cardmember
basis.

Stock-Based Compensation

  SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation" encourages, but does
not require, companies to record compensation cost for stock-based employee
compensation plans at fair value. The Company accounts

                                      71
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

for its stock-based compensation plans using the intrinsic value method
prescribed by Accounting Principles Board ("APB") Opinion No. 25, "Accounting
for Stock Issued to Employees." Under the provisions of APB No. 25,
compensation cost for stock options is measured as the excess, if any, of the
quoted market price of the Company's common stock at the date of grant over
the amount an employee must pay to acquire the stock.

Translation of Foreign Currencies

  Assets and liabilities of operations having non-U.S. dollar functional
currencies are translated at year-end rates of exchange, and income statement
accounts are translated at weighted average rates of exchange for the year. In
accordance with SFAS No. 52, "Foreign Currency Translation," gains or losses
resulting from translating foreign currency financial statements, net of hedge
gains or losses and related tax effects, are reflected in cumulative
translation adjustments, a separate component of shareholders' equity. Gains
or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are included in net
income.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

  Goodwill and other intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis
over periods from five to 40 years, generally not exceeding 25 years, and are
periodically evaluated for impairment. At November 30, 2000 and 1999, goodwill
and other intangible assets of approximately $1.3 billion were included in the
Company's consolidated statements of financial condition as a component of
other assets.

Accounting Change

  In the fourth quarter of fiscal 1998, the Company adopted American Institute
of Certified Public Accountants ("AICPA") Statement of Position ("SOP") 98-5,
"Reporting on the Costs of Start-Up Activities," with respect to the
accounting for offering costs paid by investment advisors of closed-end funds
where such costs are not specifically reimbursed through separate advisory
contracts. In accordance with SOP 98-5 and per an announcement by the
Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") staff in September 1998, such
costs are to be considered start-up costs and expensed as incurred. Prior to
the adoption of SOP 98-5, the Company deferred such costs and amortized them
over the life of the fund. The Company recorded a charge to earnings for the
cumulative effect of the accounting change as of December 1, 1997, of $117
million, net of taxes of $79 million. The effect of adopting these provisions
on the Company's income before the cumulative effect of the accounting change
for fiscal 1998 was a decrease of $24 million, net of taxes. The effect on
basic and diluted earnings per share was $0.02.

Deferred Compensation Arrangements

  In accordance with Emerging Issues Task Force ("EITF") Issue 97-14,
"Accounting for Deferred Compensation Arrangements Where Amounts Earned Are
Held in a Rabbi Trust and Invested," assets of rabbi trusts are to be
consolidated with those of the employer, and the value of the employer's stock
held in rabbi trusts should be classified in shareholders' equity and
generally accounted for in a manner similar to treasury stock. The Company,
therefore, has included its obligations under certain deferred compensation
plans in employee stock trust. Shares that the Company has issued to its rabbi
trusts are recorded in common stock issued to employee trust. Both employee
stock trust and common stock issued to employee trust are components of
shareholders' equity.

New Accounting Pronouncements

  In June 1998, the FASB issued SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities," which establishes accounting and
reporting standards for derivative instruments, including certain

                                      72
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

derivative instruments embedded in other contracts, and for hedging
activities. In June 1999, the FASB issued SFAS No. 137, "Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities--Deferral of the Effective Date
of FASB Statement No. 133," which deferred the effective date of SFAS No. 133
for one year to fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2000. In June 2000, the
FASB issued SFAS No. 138, "Accounting for Certain Derivative Instruments and
Certain Hedging Activities--an amendment of FASB Statement No. 133." The
Company adopted SFAS No. 133, as amended by SFAS No. 138, effective December
1, 2000. The Company estimates that it will record an after-tax charge to net
income from the cumulative effect of the adoption of SFAS No. 133, as amended,
of approximately $59 million and an after-tax decrease to other comprehensive
income of approximately $13 million. The Company's adoption of SFAS No. 133,
as amended, will affect the accounting for, among other things, the Company's
hedging strategies, including those associated with certain financing
activities.

  In September 2000, the FASB issued SFAS No. 140, "Accounting for Transfers
and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities--a
replacement of FASB Statement No. 125." While SFAS No. 140 carries over most
of the provisions of SFAS No. 125, "Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of
Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities," it provides new
standards for reporting financial assets transferred as collateral and new
standards for the derecognition of financial assets, in particular
transactions involving the use of special purpose entities. SFAS No. 140 also
prescribes additional disclosures for collateral transactions and for
securitization transactions accounted for as sales. The new collateral
standards and disclosure requirements are effective for fiscal years ending
after December 15, 2000, while the new standards for the derecognition of
financial assets are effective for transfers made after March 31, 2001. The
Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of adopting SFAS No. 140.

  In March 1998, the AICPA issued SOP 98-1, "Accounting for the Costs of
Computer Software Developed or Obtained for Internal Use," which is effective
for financial statements for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1998.
SOP 98-1 provides specific guidance as to when certain costs incurred in
connection with an internal-use software project should be capitalized and
when they should be expensed. The Company adopted SOP 98-1 effective December
1, 1999. The adoption of SOP 98-1 did not have a material impact on the
Company's consolidated financial statements.

                                      73
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


3. Consumer Loans

  Consumer loans were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Nov.    Nov.
                                                                  30,     30,
                                                                 2000    1999
                                                                ------- -------
                                                                  (dollars in
                                                                   millions)
   <S>                                                          <C>     <C>
   Credit card and consumer installment........................ $21,870 $20,998
   Less:
     Allowance for consumer loan losses........................     780     769
                                                                ------- -------
   Consumer loans, net......................................... $21,090 $20,229
                                                                ======= =======
</TABLE>

  Activity in the allowance for consumer loan losses was as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Fiscal  Fiscal  Fiscal
                                                          2000    1999    1998
                                                         ------  ------  ------
                                                             (dollars in
                                                              millions)
   <S>                                                   <C>     <C>     <C>
   Balance beginning of period.......................... $ 769   $ 787   $  884
   Additions:
     Provision for consumer loan losses.................   810     529    1,173
     Purchase of loan portfolios........................   --      --         1
                                                         -----   -----   ------
   Total additions......................................   810     529    1,174
                                                         -----   -----   ------
   Deductions:
     Charge-offs........................................   904     893    1,423
     Recoveries.........................................  (105)   (120)    (170)
                                                         -----   -----   ------
   Net charge-offs......................................   799     773    1,253
                                                         -----   -----   ------
   Other (1)............................................   --      226      (18)
                                                         -----   -----   ------
   Balance end of period................................ $ 780   $ 769   $  787
                                                         =====   =====   ======
</TABLE>
- --------
(1) These amounts primarily reflect transfers related to asset securitizations
    and the fiscal 1998 sale of consumer loans associated with SPS, Prime
    Option and BRAVO (see Note 16).

  Interest accrued on loans subsequently charged off, recorded as a reduction
of interest revenue, was $127 million, $116 million and $199 million in fiscal
2000, fiscal 1999 and fiscal 1998, respectively.

  At November 30, 2000 and 1999, $5,467 million and $5,248 million of the
Company's consumer loans had minimum contractual maturities of less than one
year. Because of the uncertainty regarding consumer loan repayment patterns,
which historically have been higher than contractually required minimum
payments, this amount may not necessarily be indicative of the Company's
actual consumer loan repayments.

  At November 30, 2000, the Company had commitments to extend credit for
consumer loans in the amount of $262 billion. Commitments to extend credit
arise from agreements to extend to customers unused lines of credit on certain
credit cards, provided there is no violation of conditions established in the
related agreement. These commitments, substantially all of which the Company
can terminate at any time and which do not necessarily represent future cash
requirements, are periodically reviewed based on account usage and customer
creditworthiness.

  The Company received net proceeds from asset securitizations of $9,760
million, $2,997 million and $4,466 million in fiscal 2000, fiscal 1999 and
fiscal 1998, respectively. The uncollected balances of consumer

                                      74
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

loans sold through asset securitizations were $25,256 million and $16,977
million at November 30, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

  The estimated fair value of the Company's consumer loans approximated
carrying value at November 30, 2000 and 1999. The Company's domestic consumer
loan portfolio, including securitized loans, is geographically diverse, with a
distribution approximating that of the population of the U.S.

4. Deposits

  Deposits were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Nov.    Nov.
                                                                  30,     30,
                                                                 2000    1999
                                                                ------- -------
                                                                  (dollars in
                                                                   millions)
   <S>                                                          <C>     <C>
   Demand, passbook and money market accounts.................. $ 1,589 $ 1,458
   Consumer certificate accounts...............................   1,649   1,698
   $100,000 minimum certificate accounts.......................   8,692   7,241
                                                                ------- -------
   Total....................................................... $11,930 $10,397
                                                                ======= =======
</TABLE>

  The weighted average interest rates of interest bearing deposits outstanding
during fiscal 2000 and fiscal 1999 were 6.4% and 5.9%, respectively.

  At November 30, 2000 and 1999, the notional amounts of interest rate
exchange agreements that hedged deposits outstanding were $493 million and
$473 million and had fair values of $4 million and $6 million, respectively.
Under these interest rate exchange agreements, the Company primarily pays
floating rates and receives fixed rates. At November 30, 2000, the weighted
average interest rate of the Company's deposits, including the effect of
interest rate exchange agreements, was 6.4%.

  At November 30, 2000, certificate accounts maturing over the next five years
were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           (dollars in millions)
                                                           ---------------------
   <S>                                                     <C>
   2001...................................................        $3,649
   2002...................................................         2,022
   2003...................................................         1,484
   2004...................................................         1,426
   2005...................................................         1,274
</TABLE>

  The estimated fair value of the Company's deposits, using current rates for
deposits with similar maturities, approximated carrying value at November 30,
2000 and 1999.

5. Short-Term Borrowings

  At November 30, 2000 and 1999, commercial paper of $18,352 million and
$27,072 million, with weighted average interest rates of 6.0% and 5.3%,
respectively, was outstanding.

  At November 30, 2000 and 1999, the notional amounts of interest rate and
currency swaps that hedged commercial paper outstanding were $557 million and
$2,865 million and had fair values of $(1) million and $(3) million,
respectively. These contracts had no material effect on the weighted average
interest rates of commercial paper.

                                      75
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


  At November 30, 2000 and 1999, other short-term borrowings of $9,402 million
and $11,170 million, respectively, were outstanding. These borrowings included
bank loans, Federal Funds and bank notes.

  The Company maintains a senior revolving credit agreement with a group of
banks to support general liquidity needs, including the issuance of commercial
paper (the "MSDW Facility"). Under the terms of the MSDW Facility, the banks
are committed to provide up to $5.5 billion. The MSDW Facility contains
restrictive covenants which require, among other things, that the Company
maintain specified levels of shareholders' equity. The Company believes that
the covenant restrictions will not impair the Company's ability to pay its
current level of dividends. At November 30, 2000, no borrowings were
outstanding under the MSDW Facility.

  The Company maintains a master collateral facility that enables MS&Co. to
pledge certain collateral to secure loan arrangements, letters of credit and
other financial accommodations (the "MS&Co. Facility"). As part of the MS&Co.
Facility, MS&Co. also maintains a secured committed credit agreement with a
group of banks that are parties to the master collateral facility under which
such banks are committed to provide up to $1.875 billion. The credit agreement
contains restrictive covenants which require, among other things, that MS&Co.
maintain specified levels of consolidated shareholder's equity and Net
Capital, each as defined. At November 30, 2000, no borrowings were outstanding
under the MS&Co. Facility.

  The Company also maintains a revolving committed financing facility that
enables MSIL to secure committed funding from a syndicate of banks by
providing a broad range of collateral under repurchase agreements (the "MSIL
Facility"). Such banks are committed to provide up to an aggregate of $1.785
billion, available in six major currencies. The facility agreement contains
restrictive covenants which require, among other things, that MSIL maintain
specified levels of Shareholder's Equity and Financial Resources, each as
defined. At November 30, 2000, no borrowings were outstanding under the MSIL
Facility.

  MSDWJL, the Company's Tokyo-based broker-dealer subsidiary, maintains a
committed revolving credit facility, guaranteed by the Company, that provides
funding to support general liquidity needs, including support of MSDWJL's
unsecured borrowings (the "MSDWJL Facility"). Under the terms of the MSDWJL
Facility, a syndicate of banks is committed to provide up to 70 billion
Japanese yen. At November 30, 2000, no borrowings were outstanding under the
MSDWJL Facility.

  The Company anticipates that it will utilize the MSDW Facility, the MS&Co.
Facility, the MSIL Facility or the MSDWJL Facility for short-term funding from
time to time.

                                      76
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


6. Long-Term Borrowings

Maturities and Terms

  Long-term borrowings at fiscal year-end consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                  U.S. Dollar            Non-U.S. Dollar(1)     At November 30
                         ------------------------------- ---------------------  ----------------
                          Fixed   Floating  Index/Equity  Fixed      Floating    2000     1999
                          Rate    Rate(2)      Linked      Rate       Rate(2)    Total    Total
                         -------  --------  ------------ ---------  ----------  -------  -------
                                               (dollars in millions)
<S>                      <C>      <C>       <C>          <C>        <C>         <C>      <C>
Due in fiscal 2000...... $   --   $   --       $  --     $     --    $     --   $   --   $ 6,902
Due in fiscal 2001......   1,992    8,204         806          306         847   12,155    5,621
Due in fiscal 2002......   1,628    3,203         373           91         982    6,277    4,041
Due in fiscal 2003......   4,063    3,148          80          613         623    8,527    2,818
Due in fiscal 2004......   2,316      465         163          124           3    3,071    3,205
Due in fiscal 2005......   2,994      216          95        1,334          --    4,639      664
Thereafter..............   4,435    1,601          52          715         579    7,382    5,353
                         -------  -------      ------    ---------   ---------  -------  -------
Total................... $17,428  $16,837      $1,569    $   3,183   $   3,034  $42,051  $28,604
                         =======  =======      ======    =========   =========  =======  =======

Weighted average coupon
 at fiscal year-end.....     7.0%     6.8%        n/a          4.1%        5.1%     6.5%     5.9%
</TABLE>
- --------
(1) Weighted average coupon was calculated utilizing non-U.S. dollar interest
    rates.

(2) U.S. dollar contractual floating rate borrowings bear interest based on a
    variety of money market indices, including London Interbank Offered Rates
    ("LIBOR") and Federal Funds rates. Non-U.S. dollar contractual floating
    rate borrowings bear interest based on euro floating rates.

Medium-Term Notes

  Included in the table above are medium-term notes of $20,163 million and
$15,724 million at November 30, 2000 and 1999, respectively. The effective
weighted average interest rate on all medium-term notes was 6.6% in fiscal
2000 and 5.3% in fiscal 1999. Maturities of these notes range from fiscal 2001
through fiscal 2029.

Structured Borrowings

  U.S. dollar index/equity linked borrowings include various structured
instruments whose payments and redemption values are linked to the performance
of a specific index (e.g., Standard & Poor's 500), a basket of stocks or a
specific equity security. To minimize the exposure resulting from movements in
the underlying equity position or index, the Company has entered into various
equity swap contracts and purchased options that effectively convert the
borrowing costs into floating rates based upon LIBOR. These instruments are
included in the preceding table at their redemption values based on the
performance of the underlying indices, baskets of stocks or specific equity
securities at November 30, 2000 and 1999.

Other Borrowings

  Included in the Company's long-term borrowings are subordinated notes
(including the notes issued by MS&Co. discussed below) of $1,332 million and
$1,356 million at November 30, 2000 and 1999, respectively. The effective
weighted average interest rate on these subordinated notes was 7.1% in fiscal
2000 and 7.0% in fiscal 1999. Maturities of the subordinated notes range from
fiscal 2001 to fiscal 2016.

                                      77
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


  Certain of the Company's long-term borrowings are redeemable prior to
maturity at the option of the holder. These notes contain certain provisions
which effectively enable noteholders to put the notes back to the Company and
therefore are scheduled in the foregoing table to mature in fiscal 2001
through fiscal 2002. The stated maturities of these notes, which aggregate
$4,873 million, are from fiscal 2001 to fiscal 2030.

  At November 30, 2000, MS&Co., a U.S. broker-dealer subsidiary of the
Company, had outstanding $357 million of 8.22% fixed rate subordinated Series
A notes, $243 million of 8.51% fixed rate subordinated Series B Notes, $313
million of 6.81% fixed rate subordinated Series C notes, $96 million of 7.03%
fixed rate subordinated Series D notes, $82 million of 7.28% fixed rate
subordinated Series E notes and $25 million of 7.82% fixed rate subordinated
Series F notes. These notes had maturities from fiscal 2001 to fiscal 2016.
The terms of such notes contain restrictive covenants which require, among
other things, that MS&Co. maintain specified levels of Consolidated Tangible
Net Worth and Net Capital, each as defined. On October 31, 2000, MS&Co.
exercised its option to redeem the Series C Notes prior to the scheduled
maturity, and all the Series C Notes were subsequently redeemed on December 1,
2000.

Asset and Liability Management

  A portion of the Company's fixed rate long-term borrowings is used to fund
highly liquid marketable securities and short-term receivables arising from
securities transactions. The Company uses interest rate swaps to more closely
match the duration of these borrowings to the duration of the assets being
funded and to manage interest rate risk. These swaps effectively convert
certain of the Company's fixed rate borrowings into floating rate obligations.
In addition, for non-U.S. dollar currency borrowings that are not used to fund
assets in the same currency, the Company has entered into currency swaps that
effectively convert the borrowings into U.S. dollar obligations. The Company's
use of swaps for asset and liability management affected its interest expense
and effective average borrowing rate as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          Fiscal Fiscal Fiscal
                                                           2000   1999   1998
                                                          ------ ------ ------
                                                              (dollars in
                                                               millions)
   <S>                                                    <C>    <C>    <C>
   Net increase (reduction) in interest expense from
    swaps for the fiscal year............................  $68    $(22)  $(48)
                                                           ===    ====   ====
   Weighted average coupon of long-term borrowings at
    fiscal year-end(1)...................................  6.5%    5.9%   6.1%
                                                           ===    ====   ====
   Effective average borrowing rate for long-term
    borrowings after swaps at fiscal year-end(1).........  6.7%    5.8%   5.9%
                                                           ===    ====   ====
</TABLE>
- --------
(1) Included in the weighted average and effective average calculations are
    non-U.S. dollar interest rates.

  The effective weighted average interest rate on the Company's index/equity
linked notes, which is not included in the table above, was 6.8% and 5.8% in
fiscal 2000 and fiscal 1999, respectively, after giving effect to the related
hedges.

                                      78
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


  The table below summarizes the notional or contract amounts of the swaps
utilized by the Company for asset and liability management by maturity and
weighted average interest rates to be received and paid at November 30, 2000.
Swaps utilized to hedge the Company's structured borrowings are presented at
their redemption values:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    U.S. Dollar              Non-U.S. Dollar(1)
                         ---------------------------------- --------------------
                         Receive   Receive  Receive         Receive    Receive
                          Fixed    Floating Floating Index/  Fixed    Floating   Nov. 30, Nov. 30,
                           Pay       Pay      Pay    Equity   Pay        Pay       2000     1999
                         Floating   Fixed   Floating Linked Floating Floating(2)  Total    Total
                         --------  -------- -------- ------ -------- ----------- -------- --------
                                                  (dollars in millions)
<S>                      <C>       <C>      <C>      <C>    <C>      <C>         <C>      <C>
Maturing in fiscal
 2000................... $   --     $  --     $--    $  --   $  --     $  --     $   --   $ 3,116
Maturing in fiscal
 2001...................   1,834       --       85      806     306       320      3,351    2,949
Maturing in fiscal
 2002...................   1,250       500     100      373      91         3      2,317    1,545
Maturing in fiscal
 2003...................   1,225       --      --        80     393       544      2,242    1,183
Maturing in fiscal
 2004...................   2,141       200     --       163     124         3      2,631    2,765
Maturing in fiscal
 2005...................   2,757       --      --        95   1,334       --       4,186      379
Thereafter..............   2,759       500      20       52     665       529      4,525    4,144
                         -------    ------    ----   ------  ------    ------    -------  -------
Total................... $11,966    $1,200    $205   $1,569  $2,913    $1,399    $19,252  $16,081
                         =======    ======    ====   ======  ======    ======    =======  =======
Weighted average at
 fiscal year-end(3)
Receive rate............     6.7%      6.6%    6.8%     n/a     3.8%      5.6%
Pay rate................     7.0%      6.9%    6.9%     n/a     5.6%      5.6%
</TABLE>
- --------
(1) The differences between the receive rate and the pay rate may reflect
    differences in the rate of interest associated with the underlying
    currency.

(2) These amounts include currency swaps used to effectively convert
    borrowings denominated in one currency into obligations denominated in
    another currency.

(3) The table was prepared under the assumption that interest rates remain
    constant at year-end levels. The variable interest rates to be received or
    paid will change to the extent that rates fluctuate. Such changes may be
    substantial. Variable rates presented generally are based on LIBOR or
    Treasury bill rates.

  The above table does not include interest rate floor agreements that are
utilized by the Company to manage interest rate risk. At November 30, 2000 and
1999, interest rate floor agreements with an aggregate notional value of $211
million and $610 million, respectively, were outstanding. Agreements
outstanding at November 30, 2000 have expiration dates from fiscal 2001 to
fiscal 2002 and an aggregate fair value of $0.4 million.

                                      79
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


  As noted above, the Company uses interest rate and currency swaps to modify
the terms of its existing borrowings. Activity during the periods in the
notional value of the swap contracts used by the Company for asset and
liability management (and the unrecognized gain (loss) at fiscal year-end) is
summarized in the table below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              Fiscal   Fiscal
                                                               2000     1999
                                                              -------  -------
                                                                (dollars in
                                                                 millions)
   <S>                                                        <C>      <C>
   Notional value at beginning of period..................... $16,081  $13,101
   Additions.................................................   7,059    5,372
   Matured...................................................  (2,673)  (1,804)
   Terminated................................................    (801)    (848)
   Effect of foreign currency translation on non-U.S. dollar
    notional values and changes in redemption values on
    structured borrowings....................................    (414)     260
                                                              -------  -------
   Notional value at fiscal year-end......................... $19,252  $16,081
                                                              =======  =======
   Unrecognized gain (loss) at fiscal year-end............... $    90  $  (243)
                                                              =======  =======
</TABLE>

  The estimated fair value of the Company's long-term borrowings approximated
carrying value based on rates available to the Company at year-end for
borrowings with similar terms and maturities.

  Cash paid for interest for the Company's borrowings and deposits
approximated interest expense in fiscal 2000, fiscal 1999 and fiscal 1998.

7. Commitments and Contingencies

  The Company has non-cancelable operating leases covering office space and
equipment. At November 30, 2000, future minimum rental commitments under such
leases (net of subleases, principally on office rentals) were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           (dollars in millions)
                                                           ---------------------
   <S>                                                     <C>
   2001...................................................        $  488
   2002...................................................           409
   2003...................................................           357
   2004...................................................           316
   2005...................................................           310
   Thereafter.............................................         2,347
</TABLE>

  Occupancy lease agreements, in addition to base rentals, generally provide
for rent and operating expense escalations resulting from increased
assessments for real estate taxes and other charges. Total rent expense, net
of sublease rental income, was $422 million, $296 million and $274 million in
fiscal 2000, fiscal 1999 and fiscal 1998, respectively.

  The Company has an agreement with IBM Corporation, expiring in 2005, under
which the Company receives information processing, data networking and related
services. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company has an aggregate
minimum annual commitment of $120 million subject to annual cost-of-living
adjustments.

  The Company has contracted to develop a one million-square-foot office tower
in New York City. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company will own the
building and has entered into a 99-year lease for the land at the development
site. Construction began in 1999, and the Company intends to occupy the
building upon project completion, which is anticipated in fiscal 2002. The
total investment in this project is estimated to be approximately $700
million.

                                      80
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


  In the normal course of business, the Company has been named as a defendant
in various lawsuits and has been involved in certain investigations and
proceedings. Some of these matters involve claims for substantial amounts.
Although the ultimate outcome of these matters cannot be ascertained at this
time, it is the opinion of management, after consultation with counsel, that
the resolution of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on the
consolidated financial condition of the Company but may be material to the
Company's operating results for any particular period, depending upon the
level of the Company's income for such period.

  At November 30, 2000 and 1999, the Company had approximately $6.1 billion
and $6.3 billion, respectively, of letters of credit outstanding to satisfy
various collateral requirements.

  Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased represent obligations of the
Company to deliver specified financial instruments at contracted prices,
thereby creating commitments to purchase the financial instruments in the
market at prevailing prices. Consequently, the Company's ultimate obligation
to satisfy the sale of financial instruments sold, not yet purchased may
exceed the amounts recognized in the consolidated statements of financial
condition.

  The Company also has commitments to fund certain fixed assets and other less
liquid investments, including at November 30, 2000 approximately $900 million
in connection with its private equity and other principal investment
activities. Additionally, the Company has provided and will continue to
provide financing, including margin lending and other extensions of credit to
clients (including subordinated loans on an interim basis to leveraged
companies associated with its investment banking and its private equity and
other principal investment activities), that may subject the Company to
increased credit and liquidity risks.

                                      81
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


8. Earnings per Share

  Earnings per share were calculated as follows (in millions, except for per
share data):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Fiscal 2000 Fiscal 1999 Fiscal 1998
                                            ----------- ----------- -----------
<S>                                         <C>         <C>         <C>
Basic EPS
  Income before cumulative effect of
   accounting change.......................   $5,456      $4,791      $3,393
  Cumulative effect of accounting change...      --          --         (117)
  Preferred stock dividend requirements....      (36)        (44)        (55)
                                              ------      ------      ------
  Net income available to common
   shareholders............................   $5,420      $4,747      $3,221
                                              ======      ======      ======
  Weighted average common shares
   outstanding.............................    1,096       1,097       1,152
                                              ======      ======      ======
  Basic EPS before cumulative effect of
   accounting change.......................   $ 4.95      $ 4.33      $ 2.90
  Cumulative effect of accounting change...      --          --        (0.10)
                                              ------      ------      ------
Basic EPS..................................   $ 4.95      $ 4.33      $ 2.80
                                              ======      ======      ======

<CAPTION>
                                            Fiscal 2000 Fiscal 1999 Fiscal 1998
                                            ----------- ----------- -----------
<S>                                         <C>         <C>         <C>
Diluted EPS
  Income before cumulative effect of
   accounting change.......................   $5,456      $4,791      $3,393
  Cumulative effect of accounting change...      --          --         (117)
  Preferred stock dividend requirements....      (36)        (36)        (47)
                                              ------      ------      ------
  Net income available to common
   shareholders............................   $5,420      $4,755      $3,229
                                              ======      ======      ======
  Weighted average common shares
   outstanding.............................    1,096       1,097       1,152
  Effect of dilutive securities:
    Stock options..........................       47          39          37
    ESOP convertible preferred stock.......        2          24          24
                                              ------      ------      ------
  Weighted average common shares
   outstanding and common stock
   equivalents.............................    1,145       1,160       1,213
                                              ======      ======      ======
  Diluted EPS before cumulative effect of
   accounting change.......................   $ 4.73      $ 4.10      $ 2.76
  Cumulative effect of accounting change...      --          --        (0.09)
                                              ------      ------      ------
Diluted EPS................................   $ 4.73      $ 4.10      $ 2.67
                                              ======      ======      ======
</TABLE>

9. Trading Activities

Trading Revenues

  The Company's trading activities include providing securities brokerage,
derivatives dealing and underwriting services to clients. While trading
activities are generated by client order flow, the Company also takes
proprietary positions based on expectations of future market movements and
conditions. The Company's trading strategies rely on the integrated management
of its client-driven and proprietary transactions, along with the hedging and
financing of these positions.

                                      82
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


  The Company manages its trading businesses by product groupings and
therefore has established distinct, worldwide trading divisions having
responsibility for equity, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities
products. Because of the integrated nature of the markets for such products,
each product area trades cash instruments as well as related derivative
products (e.g., options, swaps, futures, forwards and other contracts with
respect to such underlying instruments or commodities). Revenues related to
principal trading are summarized below by trading division:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Fiscal 2000 Fiscal 1999 Fiscal 1998
                                            ----------- ----------- -----------
                                                   (dollars in millions)
   <S>                                      <C>         <C>         <C>
   Equities................................   $4,705      $3,065      $2,048
   Fixed income............................    1,760       1,937         331
   Foreign exchange........................      349         397         587
   Commodities.............................      579         431         193
                                              ------      ------      ------
     Total principal transaction trading
      revenues.............................   $7,393      $5,830      $3,159
                                              ======      ======      ======
</TABLE>

  Interest and dividend revenue and interest expense are integral components
of trading activities. In assessing the profitability of trading activities,
the Company views net interest and principal trading revenues in the
aggregate.

  The Company's trading portfolios are managed with a view toward the risk and
profitability of the portfolios to the Company. The nature of the equities,
fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities activities conducted by the
Company, including the use of derivative products in these businesses, and the
market, credit and concentration risk management policies and procedures
covering these activities are discussed below.

Equities

  The Company makes markets and trades in the global secondary markets for
equities and convertible debt and is a dealer in equity warrants, exchange
traded and OTC equity options, index futures, equity swaps and other
sophisticated equity derivatives. The Company's activities as a dealer
primarily are client-driven, with the objective of meeting clients' needs
while earning a spread between the premiums paid or received on its contracts
with clients and the cost of hedging such transactions in the cash or forward
market or with other derivative transactions. The Company limits its market
risk related to these contracts, which stems primarily from underlying
equity/index price and volatility movements, by employing a variety of hedging
strategies. The Company also takes proprietary positions in the global equity
markets by using derivatives, most commonly futures and options, in addition
to cash positions, intending to profit from market price and volatility
movements in the underlying equities or indices positioned.

  The counterparties to the Company's equity transactions include commercial
banks, investment banks, broker-dealers, investment funds and industrial
companies.

Fixed Income

  The Company is a market-maker for U.S. and non-U.S. government securities,
corporate bonds, money market instruments, medium-term notes and Eurobonds,
high-yield securities, emerging market securities, preferred stock and tax-
exempt securities. In addition, the Company is a dealer in interest rate and
currency swaps and other related derivative products, OTC options on U.S. and
non-U.S. government bonds and mortgage-backed forward agreements ("TBA"),
options and swaps. In this capacity, the Company facilitates asset and
liability management for its customers in interest rate and currency swaps and
related products and OTC government bond options.

                                      83
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


  The Company is an underwriter of, makes markets in, and acts as principal
with respect to, commercial and residential mortgage-backed securities and
asset-backed securities as well as commercial, residential and real estate
loan products. The Company provides financing to customers for commercial,
residential and real estate loan products. The Company also uses TBA contracts
in its role as a dealer in mortgage-backed securities and facilitates customer
trades by taking positions in the TBA market. Typically, these positions are
hedged by offsetting TBA contracts or underlying cash positions. The Company
also acts as principal and agent in aircraft finance transactions. Acting as
principal, the Company acquires aircraft outright or under leases and finances
these assets by issuance of non-recourse debt in the securitization market and
other similar financing arrangements.

  The counterparties to the Company's fixed income transactions include
investment advisors, commercial banks, insurance companies, broker-dealers,
investment funds and industrial companies.

Foreign Exchange

  The Company is a market-maker in a number of foreign currencies. It actively
trades currencies with its customers on a principal basis in the spot, forward
and currency option markets earning a dealer spread. In connection with its
market-making activities, the Company seeks to manage its market risk by
entering into offsetting positions. The Company also takes proprietary
positions in currencies to profit from market price and volatility movements
in the currencies positioned.

  The majority of the Company's foreign exchange business relates to major
foreign currencies such as yen, euro, pound sterling, Swiss francs and
Canadian dollars. The balance of the business covers a broad range of other
currencies.

  The counterparties to the Company's foreign exchange transactions include
commercial banks, investment banks, broker-dealers, investment funds and
industrial companies.

Commodities

  The Company, as a major participant in the world commodities markets, trades
in physical precious, base and platinum group metals, electricity, energy
products (principally oil, refined oil products and natural gas) as well as a
variety of derivatives related to these commodities such as futures, forwards,
and exchange traded and OTC options and swaps. Through these activities, the
Company provides clients with a ready market to satisfy end users' current raw
material needs and facilitates their ability to hedge price fluctuations
related to future inventory needs.

  To facilitate hedging for its clients, the Company often is required to take
positions in the commodity markets in the form of forward, option and swap
contracts involving oil, natural gas, precious and base metals, and
electricity. The Company also maintains proprietary trading positions in
commodity derivatives, including futures, forwards and options in addition to
physical commodities, to profit from price and volatility movements in the
underlying commodities markets.

  The counterparties to the Company's OTC commodity business include precious
metals producers, refiners and consumers as well as shippers, central banks,
and oil, gas and electricity producers.

  The following discussions of risk management, market risk, credit risk,
concentration risk and customer activities relate to the Company's trading
activities.

                                      84
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


Risk Management

  Risk management at the Company is a multi-faceted process with independent
oversight that requires constant communication, judgment and knowledge of
specialized products and markets. The Company's senior management takes an
active role in the risk management process and has developed policies and
procedures that require specific administrative and business functions to
assist in the identification, assessment and control of various risks. In
recognition of the increasingly varied and complex nature of the global
financial services business, the Company's risk management policies,
procedures and methodologies are evolutionary in nature and are subject to
ongoing review and modification. Many of the Company's risk management and
control practices are subject to periodic review by the Company's internal
auditors as well as to interactions with various regulatory authorities.

  The Management Committee, composed of the Company's most senior officers,
establishes the overall risk management policies for the Company and reviews
the Company's performance relative to these policies. The Management Committee
has created several Risk Committees to assist it in monitoring and reviewing
the Company's risk management practices. These Risk Committees, as well as
other committees established to manage and monitor specific risks, review the
risk monitoring and risk management policies and procedures relating to the
Company's market and credit risk profile, sales practices, legal
enforceability, and operational and systems risks. The Controllers, Treasury,
Law and Compliance, and Firm Risk Management Departments, which are all
independent of the Company's business units, also assist senior management and
the Risk Committees in monitoring and controlling the Company's risk profile.
In addition, the Internal Audit Department, which also reports to senior
management, periodically examines and evaluates the Company's operations and
control environment. The Company continues to be committed to employing
qualified personnel with appropriate expertise in each of its various
administrative and business areas to implement effectively the Company's risk
management and monitoring systems and processes.

Market Risk

  Market risk refers to the risk that a change in the level of one or more
market prices, rates, indices, volatilities, correlations or other market
factors, such as liquidity, will result in losses for a position or portfolio.

  The Company manages the market risk associated with its trading activities
on a Company-wide basis, on a trading division level worldwide and on an
individual product basis. Market risk limits have been approved for the
Company and each major trading division of the Company worldwide. Additional
market risk limits are assigned to trading desks and, as appropriate, products
and regions. Trading division risk managers, desk risk managers and the Firm
Risk Management Department monitor market risk measures against limits in
accordance with policies set by senior management.

  The Firm Risk Management Department independently reviews the Company's
trading portfolios on a regular basis from a market risk perspective utilizing
Value-at-Risk and other quantitative and qualitative risk measurements and
analyses. The Company's trading businesses and the Firm Risk Management
Department also use, as appropriate, measures such as sensitivity to changes
in rates, prices, volatilities and time decay to monitor and report market
risk exposures. Stress testing, which measures the impact on the value of
existing portfolios of specified changes in market factors for certain
products, is performed periodically and is reviewed by trading division risk
managers, desk risk managers and the Firm Risk Management Department.

Credit Risk

  The Company's exposure to credit risk arises from the possibility that a
counterparty to a transaction might fail to perform under its contractual
commitment, which could result in the Company incurring losses. The

                                      85
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

Company has credit guidelines which limit the Company's current and potential
credit exposure to any one counterparty. Specific credit risk limits based on
these credit guidelines also are in place for each type of counterparty (by
rating category).

  The Credit Department administers and monitors the credit limits among
trading divisions on a worldwide basis. In addition to monitoring credit
limits, the Company manages the credit exposure relating to its trading
activities by reviewing periodically counterparty financial soundness, by
entering into master netting agreements and collateral arrangements with
counterparties in appropriate circumstances and by limiting the duration of
exposure. In certain cases, the Company also may close out transactions, enter
into risk reducing transactions, assign transactions to other counterparties
or purchase credit protection to mitigate credit risk.

Concentration Risk

  The Company is subject to concentration risk by holding large positions in
certain types of securities or commitments to purchase securities of a single
issuer, including sovereign governments and other entities, issuers located in
a particular country or geographic area, public and private issuers involving
developing countries or issuers engaged in a particular industry. Financial
instruments owned by the Company include U.S. government and agency securities
and securities issued by other sovereign governments (principally Japan,
Germany, Italy and France), which, in the aggregate, represented approximately
12% of the Company's total assets at November 30, 2000. In addition,
substantially all of the collateral held by the Company for resale agreements
or bonds borrowed, which together represented approximately 24% of the
Company's total assets at November 30, 2000, consist of securities issued by
the U.S. government, federal agencies or other sovereign government
obligations. Positions taken and commitments made by the Company, including
positions taken and underwriting and financing commitments made in connection
with its private equity and principal investment activities, often involve
substantial amounts and significant exposure to individual issuers and
businesses, including non-investment grade issuers. The Company seeks to limit
concentration risk through the use of the systems and procedures described in
the preceding discussions of market and credit risk.

Customer Activities

  The Company's customer activities involve the execution, settlement and
financing of various securities and commodities transactions on behalf of
customers. Customer securities activities are transacted on either a cash or
margin basis. Customer commodities activities, which include the execution of
customer transactions in commodity futures transactions (including options on
futures), are transacted on a margin basis.

  The Company's customer activities may expose it to off-balance sheet credit
risk. The Company may have to purchase or sell financial instruments at
prevailing market prices in the event of the failure of a customer to settle a
trade on its original terms or in the event cash and securities in customer
margin accounts are not sufficient to fully cover customer losses. The Company
seeks to control the risks associated with customer activities by requiring
customers to maintain margin collateral in compliance with various regulations
and Company policies.

Notional/Contract Amounts and Fair Market Values of Derivatives

  The gross notional or contract amounts of derivative instruments and fair
value (carrying amount) of the related assets and liabilities at November 30,
2000 and 1999, as well as the average fair value of those assets and
liabilities for fiscal 2000 and 1999, are presented in the table that follows.
Fair value represents the cost of replacing these instruments and is further
described in Note 2. Future changes in interest rates, foreign currency
exchange rates or the fair values of the financial instruments, commodities or
indices underlying these contracts

                                      86
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

ultimately may result in cash settlements exceeding fair value amounts
recognized in the consolidated statements of financial condition. Assets
represent unrealized gains on purchased exchange-traded and OTC options and
other contracts (including interest rate, foreign exchange, and other forward
contracts and swaps), net of any unrealized losses owed to the counterparties
on offsetting positions in situations where netting is appropriate. Similarly,
liabilities represent net amounts owed to counterparties. These amounts will
vary based on changes in the fair values of underlying financial instruments
and/or the volatility of such underlying instruments:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 Fiscal Year-End Gross Notional/Contract      Fiscal Year-End          Average Fair
 Amount(1)(2)                                 Fair Values(3)           Values(3)(4)
 ---------------------------------------  ----------------------- -----------------------
                                            Assets    Liabilities   Assets    Liabilities
                                          ----------- ----------- ----------- -----------
  2000   1999                             2000  1999  2000  1999  2000  1999  2000  1999
  ----  ------                            ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- -----
                                             (dollars in billions at fiscal year-end)
 <C>    <C>    <S>                        <C>   <C>   <C>   <C>   <C>   <C>   <C>   <C>
 $3,140 $2,689 Interest rate and          $10.6 $ 9.5 $11.5 $ 9.4 $10.4 $ 9.0 $ 9.5 $ 6.2
               currency swaps and
               options (including caps,
               floors and swap options)
               and other fixed income
               securities contracts

    350    405 Foreign exchange forward     2.5   3.7   2.4   3.6   2.7   3.3   2.6   3.5
               and futures contracts
               and options

    107    110 Equity security              7.2   7.1   5.9   7.3   8.4   5.9   6.9   5.4
               contracts (including
               equity swaps, futures
               contracts, and warrants
               and options)

    252    170 Commodity forwards,          6.9   2.4   7.6   2.9   4.7   2.3   5.4   2.6
               futures, options and
               swaps
     42     30 Mortgage-backed              0.1   0.1   0.1   --    0.1   0.1   0.1   0.1
               securities forward
               contracts, swaps and
               options
 ------ ------                            ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- -----

 $3,891 $3,404 Total                      $27.3 $22.8 $27.5 $23.2 $26.3 $20.6 $24.5 $17.8
 ====== ======                            ===== ===== ===== ===== ===== ===== ===== =====
</TABLE>

- --------
(1) The notional amounts of derivatives have been adjusted to reflect the
    effects of leverage, where applicable.

(2) Notional amounts include purchased and written options of $357 billion and
    $455 billion, respectively, at November 30, 2000 and $399 billion and $401
    billion, respectively, at November 30, 1999.

(3) These amounts represent carrying value (exclusive of collateral) at
    November 30, 2000 and 1999, respectively, and do not include receivables
    or payables related to exchange traded futures contracts.

(4) Amounts are calculated using a monthly average.

  The gross notional or contract amounts of these instruments are indicative
of the Company's degree of use of derivatives for trading purposes but do not
represent the Company's exposure to market or credit risk. Credit risk arises
from the failure of a counterparty to perform according to the terms of the
contract. The Company's exposure to credit risk at any point in time is
represented by the fair value of the contracts reported as assets. These
amounts are presented on a net-by-counterparty basis, when appropriate, but
are not reported net of collateral, which the Company obtains with respect to
certain of these transactions to reduce its exposure to credit losses. The
Company monitors the creditworthiness of counterparties to these transactions
on an ongoing basis and requests additional collateral when deemed necessary.
The Company believes the ultimate settlement of the transactions outstanding
at November 30, 2000 will not have a material effect on the Company's
financial condition.

                                      87
<PAGE>

                        MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


  The remaining maturities of the Company's swaps and other derivative products
at November 30, 2000 and 1999 are summarized in the following table, showing
notional values by year of expected maturity:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  1 to   3 to
                                        Less Than   3      5    More Than
                                         1 Year   Years  Years   5 Years  Total
                                        --------- -----  -----  --------- ------
                                                (dollars in billions)
<S>                                     <C>       <C>    <C>    <C>       <C>
At November 30, 2000
Interest rate and currency swaps and
 options (including caps, floors and
 swap options) and other fixed income
 securities contracts..................  $  608   $823   $608    $1,101   $3,140
Foreign exchange forward and futures
 contracts and options.................     344      6     --        --      350
Equity securities contracts (including
 equity swaps, futures contracts, and
 warrants and options).................      76     21      8         2      107
Commodity forwards, futures, options
 and swaps.............................     143     78     21        10      252
Mortgage-backed securities forward
 contracts, swaps and options..........      34      1      3         4       42
                                         ------   ----   ----    ------   ------
Total..................................  $1,205   $929   $640    $1,117   $3,891
                                         ======   ====   ====    ======   ======
Percent of total.......................      31%    24%    16%       29%     100%
                                         ======   ====   ====    ======   ======

At November 30, 1999
Interest rate and currency swaps and
 options (including caps, floors and
 swap options) and other fixed income
 securities contracts..................  $  664   $662   $531    $  832   $2,689
Foreign exchange forward and futures
 contracts and options.................     397      8     --        --      405
Equity securities contracts (including
 equity swaps, futures contracts, and
 warrants and options).................      77     22      8         3      110
Commodity forwards, futures, options
 and swaps.............................      97     47     19         7      170
Mortgage-backed securities forward
 contracts, swaps and options..........      21      1      3         5       30
                                         ------   ----   ----    ------   ------
Total..................................  $1,256   $740   $561    $  847   $3,404
                                         ======   ====   ====    ======   ======
Percent of total.......................      37%    22%    16%       25%     100%
                                         ======   ====   ====    ======   ======
</TABLE>

                                       88
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


  The credit quality of the Company's trading-related derivatives at November
30, 2000 and 1999 is summarized in the table below, showing the fair value of
the related assets by counterparty credit rating. The actual credit ratings
are determined by external rating agencies or by equivalent ratings used by
the Company's Credit Department:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               Collateralized Other Non-
                                                                               Non-Investment Investment
                                                AAA      AA      A      BBB        Grade        Grade     Total
                                               ------  ------  ------  ------  -------------- ---------- -------
                                                                   (dollars in millions)
<S>                                            <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>            <C>        <C>      <C>
At November 30, 2000
Interest rate and currency swaps and options
 (including caps, floors and swap options)
 and other fixed income securities
 contracts...................................  $1,649  $3,964  $3,336  $1,113      $  150       $  396   $10,608
Foreign exchange forward contracts and
 options.....................................     112     909   1,144     111         --           195     2,471
Equity securities contracts (including equity
 swaps, warrants and options)................   1,774   2,172     910     169       1,840          320     7,185
Commodity forwards, options and swaps........     222   1,450   2,139   1,485         337        1,289     6,922
Mortgage-backed securities forward
 contracts, swaps and options................      43      48      38      15         --             3       147
                                               ------  ------  ------  ------      ------       ------   -------
Total........................................  $3,800  $8,543  $7,567  $2,893      $2,327       $2,203   $27,333
                                               ======  ======  ======  ======      ======       ======   =======  ===
Percent of total.............................      14%     31%     28%     11%          8%           8%      100%
                                               ======  ======  ======  ======      ======       ======   =======  ===
At November 30, 1999
Interest rate and currency swaps and options
 (including caps, floors and swap options)
 and other fixed income securities
 contracts...................................  $1,569  $3,842  $2,896  $  884      $  117       $  174   $ 9,482
Foreign exchange forward contracts and
 options.....................................     556   1,551   1,285     170         --           140     3,702
Equity securities contracts (including equity
 swaps, warrants and options)................   1,742   2,310   1,109     260       1,308          320     7,049
Commodity forwards, options and swaps........     164     571     660     469          52          508     2,424
Mortgage-backed securities forward
 contracts, swaps and options................      41      33      35       1           1            1       112
                                               ------  ------  ------  ------      ------       ------   -------
Total........................................  $4,072  $8,307  $5,985  $1,784      $1,478       $1,143   $22,769
                                               ======  ======  ======  ======      ======       ======   =======  ===
Percent of total.............................      18%     37%     26%      8%          6%           5%      100%
                                               ======  ======  ======  ======      ======       ======   =======
</TABLE>

  The Company also has obtained assets posted as collateral by investment
grade counterparties amounting to $4.7 billion and $3.6 billion at November
30, 2000 and November 30, 1999, respectively.

                                      89
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


10.  Preferred Stock, Capital Units and Preferred Securities Issued by
     Subsidiaries

  Preferred stock of the Company is composed of the following issues:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Balance at
                                                 Shares Outstanding   November
                                                   at November 30        30
                                                 ------------------- ----------
                                                   2000      1999    2000  1999
                                                 --------- --------- ----- ----
                                                                      (dollars
                                                                         in
                                                                     millions)
<S>                                              <C>       <C>       <C>   <C>
ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock, liquidation
 preference $35.88.............................     --     3,493,477 $ --  $125
Series A Fixed/Adjustable Rate Cumulative
 Preferred Stock, stated value $200............  1,725,000 1,725,000   345  345
7-3/4% Cumulative Preferred Stock, stated value
 $200..........................................  1,000,000 1,000,000   200  200
                                                                     ----- ----
Total..........................................                      $ 545 $670
                                                                     ===== ====
</TABLE>

  Each issue of outstanding preferred stock ranks in parity with all other
outstanding preferred stock of the Company.

  In fiscal 1998, MSDW Capital Trust I, a Delaware statutory business trust
(the "Capital Trust"), all of the common securities of which are owned by the
Company, issued $400 million of 7.10% Capital Securities (the "Capital
Securities") that are guaranteed by the Company. The Capital Trust issued the
Capital Securities and invested the proceeds in 7.10% Junior Subordinated
Deferrable Interest Debentures issued by the Company, which are due February
28, 2038.

  The Company has Capital Units outstanding which were issued by the Company
and Morgan Stanley Finance plc ("MSF"), a U.K. subsidiary. A Capital Unit
consists of (a) a Subordinated Debenture of MSF guaranteed by the Company and
maturing in 2017 and (b) a related Purchase Contract issued by the Company,
which may be accelerated by the Company beginning approximately one year after
the issuance of the Capital Unit, requiring the holder to purchase one
Depositary Share representing shares (or fractional shares) of the Company's
Cumulative Preferred Stock. The aggregate amount of Capital Units outstanding
was $70 million and $583 million at November 30, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

  In fiscal 2000, the Company and MSF redeemed all of the outstanding 8.4%
Capital Units, 8.2% Capital Units and 9.0% Capital Units. The aggregate
principal amount of the Capital Units redeemed was $513 million.

  The estimated fair value of the Capital Units approximated carrying value at
November 30, 2000 and November 30, 1999.

  In January 2000, all shares of the ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock were
converted into common shares of the Company (see Note 12).

11. Shareholders' Equity

  MS&Co. and DWR are registered broker-dealers and registered futures
commission merchants and, accordingly, are subject to the minimum net capital
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the New York Stock
Exchange and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. MS&Co. and DWR have
consistently operated in excess of these requirements. MS&Co.'s net capital
totaled $4,510 million at November 30, 2000, which exceeded the amount
required by $3,902 million. DWR's net capital totaled $1,331 million at
November 30, 2000, which exceeded the amount required by $1,119 million. MSIL,
a London-based broker-dealer subsidiary, is subject to the capital
requirements of the Securities and Futures Authority, and MSDWJL, a Tokyo-
based broker-dealer, is subject to the capital requirements of the Financial
Services Agency. MSIL and MSDWJL have consistently operated in excess of their
respective regulatory capital requirements.

                                      90
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


  Under regulatory capital requirements adopted by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") and other bank regulatory agencies, FDIC-
insured financial institutions must maintain (a) 3% to 5% of Tier 1 capital,
as defined, to average assets ("leverage ratio"), (b) 4% of Tier 1 capital, as
defined, to risk-weighted assets ("Tier 1 risk-weighted capital ratio") and
(c) 8% of total capital, as defined, to risk-weighted assets ("total risk-
weighted capital ratio"). At November 30, 2000, the leverage ratio, Tier 1
risk-weighted capital ratio and total risk-weighted capital ratio of each of
the Company's FDIC-insured financial institutions exceeded these regulatory
minimums.

  Certain other U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries are subject to various
securities, commodities and banking regulations, and capital adequacy
requirements promulgated by the regulatory and exchange authorities of the
countries in which they operate. These subsidiaries have consistently operated
in excess of their local capital adequacy requirements. Morgan Stanley
Derivative Products Inc., the Company's triple-A rated derivative products
subsidiary, also has established certain operating restrictions that have been
reviewed by various rating agencies.

  The regulatory capital requirements referred to above, and certain covenants
contained in various agreements governing indebtedness of the Company, may
restrict the Company's ability to withdraw capital from its subsidiaries. At
November 30, 2000, approximately $6.2 billion of net assets of consolidated
subsidiaries may be restricted as to the payment of cash dividends and
advances to the Company.

  The Company repurchased approximately 48 million and 50 million shares of
its common stock in fiscal 2000 and fiscal 1999, respectively. In an effort to
enhance its ongoing stock repurchase program, the Company may sell put options
on shares of its common stock to third parties. These put options entitle the
holder to sell shares of the Company's common stock to the Company on certain
dates at specified prices. As of November 30, 2000, put options were
outstanding on an aggregate of 3 million shares of the Company's common stock.
These put options have various expiration dates that range from January 2001
through April 2001. The Company may elect cash settlement of the put options
instead of taking delivery of the stock.

                                      91
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


  Cumulative translation adjustments include gains or losses resulting from
translating foreign currency financial statements from their respective
functional currencies to U.S. dollars, net of hedge gains or losses and
related tax effects. The Company uses foreign currency contracts and
designates certain non-U.S. dollar currency debt as hedges to manage the
currency exposure relating to its net monetary investments in non-U.S. dollar
functional currency subsidiaries. Increases or decreases in the value of the
Company's net foreign investments generally are tax-deferred for U.S.
purposes, but the related hedge gains and losses are taxable currently.
Therefore, the gross notional amounts of the contracts and debt designated as
hedges exceed the Company's net foreign investments to result in effective
hedging on an after-tax basis. The Company attempts to protect its net book
value from the effects of fluctuations in currency exchange rates on its net
monetary investments in non-U.S. dollar subsidiaries by selling the
appropriate non-U.S. dollar currency in the forward market. However, under
some circumstances, the Company may elect not to hedge its net monetary
investments in certain foreign operations due to market conditions, including
the availability of various currency contracts at acceptable costs.
Information relating to the hedging of the Company's net monetary investments
in non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries and their effects on
cumulative translation adjustments is summarized below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 At November
                                                                     30
                                                                --------------
                                                                 2000    1999
                                                                ------  ------
                                                                 (dollars in
                                                                  millions)
   <S>                                                          <C>     <C>
   Net monetary investments in non-U.S. dollar functional
    currency subsidiaries.....................................  $2,336  $1,972
                                                                ======  ======
   Gross notional amounts of foreign exchange transactions and
    non-U.S. dollar debt designated as hedges(1)..............  $3,897  $3,309
                                                                ======  ======
   Cumulative translation adjustments resulting from net
    investments in subsidiaries with a non-U.S. dollar
    functional currency.......................................  $ (211) $   57
   Cumulative translation adjustments resulting from realized
    or unrealized gains or losses on hedges, net of tax.......     120     (84)
                                                                ------  ------
   Total cumulative translation adjustments...................  $  (91) $  (27)
                                                                ======  ======
</TABLE>
- --------
(1) Notional amounts represent the contractual currency amount translated at
    respective fiscal year-end spot rates.

12. Employee Compensation Plans

  The Company has adopted a variety of compensation plans for certain of its
employees. These plans are designed to facilitate a pay-for-performance
policy, provide compensation commensurate with other leading financial
services companies and provide for internal ownership in order to align the
interests of employees with the long-term interests of the Company's
shareholders. Certain of these plans are summarized below.

Equity-Based Compensation Plans

  The Company is authorized to issue up to approximately 590 million shares of
its common stock in connection with awards under its equity-based compensation
plans. At November 30, 2000, approximately 277 million shares were available
for future grant under these plans.

Stock Option Awards

  Stock option awards have been granted pursuant to several equity-based
compensation plans. Historically, these plans have generally provided for the
granting of stock options having an exercise price not less than the fair
value of the Company's common stock (as defined in the plans) on the date of
grant. Such options generally become exercisable over a one- to five-year
period and expire seven to 10 years from the date of grant.

                                      92
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


  The following table sets forth activity relating to the Company's stock
option awards (share data in millions):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            Fiscal 2000        Fiscal 1999        Fiscal 1998
                         ------------------ ------------------ ------------------
                                   Weighted           Weighted           Weighted
                                   Average            Average            Average
                         Number of Exercise Number of Exercise Number of Exercise
                          Shares    Price    Shares    Price    Shares    Price
                         --------- -------- --------- -------- --------- --------
<S>                      <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>
Options outstanding at
 beginning of period....   131.3    $26.76    126.6    $20.04    128.2    $13.93
Granted.................    25.5     67.41     23.2     56.65     31.2     34.39
Exercised...............   (17.8)    21.26    (15.5)    17.12    (30.6)     9.12
Forfeited...............    (1.4)    40.10     (3.0)    23.88     (2.2)    19.70
                           -----              -----              -----
Options outstanding at
 end of period..........   137.6    $34.87    131.3    $26.76    126.6    $20.04
                           =====    ======    =====    ======    =====    ======
Options exercisable at
 end of period..........    88.3    $26.74     93.6    $25.21     81.2    $19.69
                           =====    ======    =====    ======    =====    ======
</TABLE>

  The following table presents information relating to the Company's stock
options outstanding at November 30, 2000 (share data in millions):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 Options Outstanding       Options Exercisable
                            ------------------------------ --------------------
                                        Weighted  Average              Weighted
                                        Average  Remaining             Average
                              Number    Exercise   Life      Number    Exercise
Range of Exercise Prices    Outstanding  Price    (Years)  Exercisable  Price
- ------------------------    ----------- -------- --------- ----------- --------
<S>                         <C>         <C>      <C>       <C>         <C>
$ 4.00 - $ 19.99...........     44.0     $10.05     3.7       35.9      $ 9.62
$20.00 - $ 29.99...........     28.2      26.63     6.2       23.5       26.51
$30.00 - $ 49.99...........     21.5      37.08     7.4       16.9       37.32
$50.00 - $ 69.99...........     41.3      62.50     9.5       10.5       59.95
$70.00 - $106.99...........      2.6      85.72     7.9        1.5       90.38
                               -----                          ----
Total......................    137.6                6.6       88.3
                               =====                          ====
</TABLE>

 Deferred Compensation Awards

  The Company has made deferred compensation awards pursuant to several
equity-based compensation plans. These plans provide for the deferral of a
portion of certain key employees' compensation with payments made in the form
of the Company's common stock or in the right to receive unrestricted shares
(collectively, "Restricted Stock"). Compensation expense for all such awards
(including those subject to forfeiture) amounted to $855 million, $699 million
and $415 million in fiscal 2000, fiscal 1999 and fiscal 1998, respectively.
Compensation expense for Restricted Stock awards was determined based on the
fair value of the Company's common stock (as defined in the plans). The number
of Restricted Stock shares outstanding was 115 million at November 30, 2000
and 1999 and 118 million at November 30, 1998.

  Restricted Stock awarded under these plans are subject to restrictions on
sale, transfer or assignment until the end of a specified restriction period,
generally five to 10 years from the date of grant. Holders of Restricted Stock
generally may forfeit ownership of all or a portion of their award if
employment is terminated before the end of the relevant restriction period.
Holders of vested Restricted Stock generally will also forfeit ownership in
certain limited situations, including termination for cause during the
restriction period.

                                      93
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


 Profit Sharing Plans

  The Company sponsors qualified profit sharing plans covering substantially
all U.S. employees and also provides cash payment of profit sharing to
employees of its international subsidiaries. Contributions are made to
eligible employees at the discretion of the Board of Directors based upon the
financial performance of the Company. Profit sharing expense for fiscal 2000,
fiscal 1999 and fiscal 1998 was $182 million, $153 million and $115 million,
respectively.

 Employee Stock Ownership Plan

  The Company has a $140 million leveraged employee stock ownership plan,
funded through an independently managed trust. The Employee Stock Ownership
Plan ("ESOP") was established to broaden internal ownership of the Company and
to provide benefits to its employees in a cost-effective manner. In January
2000, each share of the ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock was converted into
6.6 common shares of the Company. The ESOP trust funded its stock purchase
through a loan of $140 million from the Company. The ESOP trust note, due
September 19, 2005 (extendible at the option of the ESOP trust to September
19, 2010), bears a 10-3/8% interest rate per annum with principal payable
without penalty on or before the due date. The ESOP trust expects to make
principal and interest payments on the note from funds provided by dividends
on the shares of common stock and contributions from the Company, if required.
The note receivable from the ESOP trust is reflected as a reduction in the
Company's shareholders' equity. Shares allocated to employees generally may
not be withdrawn until the employee's death, disability, retirement or
termination. Contributions to the ESOP by the Company and allocation of ESOP
shares to employees are made annually at the discretion of the Board of
Directors based on the financial performance of the Company. The cost of
shares allocated to participants' accounts amounted to $11 million in fiscal
2000, $5 million in fiscal 1999 and $8 million in fiscal 1998. The ESOP debt
service costs for fiscal 2000 were paid from dividends received on stock held
by the ESOP trust. The ESOP debt service costs for fiscal 1999 and fiscal 1998
were paid from dividends received on stock held by the ESOP trust and from
Company contributions.

Pro Forma Effect of SFAS No. 123

  Had the Company elected to recognize compensation cost pursuant to SFAS No.
123 for its stock option plans and its employee stock purchase plan, net
income would have been reduced by $488 million, $327 million and $214 million
for fiscal 2000, fiscal 1999 and fiscal 1998, respectively. Basic and diluted
earnings per common share would have been reduced by $0.45, $0.30 and $0.19
for fiscal 2000, fiscal 1999 and fiscal 1998, respectively.

  The weighted average fair value at date of grant for stock options granted
during fiscal 2000, fiscal 1999 and fiscal 1998 was $30.48, $23.58 and $11.19
per option, respectively. The fair value of stock options at date of grant was
estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model utilizing the following
weighted average assumptions:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             Fiscal 2000 Fiscal 1999 Fiscal 1998
                                             ----------- ----------- -----------
   <S>                                       <C>         <C>         <C>
   Risk-free interest rate..................     5.6%        5.9%        4.9%
   Expected option life in years............     5.3         5.6         4.8
   Expected stock price volatility..........    43.4%       38.6%       33.2%
   Expected dividend yield..................     1.1%        1.1%        1.3%
</TABLE>

13. Employee Benefit Plans

  The Company sponsors various pension plans for the majority of its worldwide
employees. The Company provides certain other postretirement benefits,
primarily health care and life insurance, to eligible employees. The Company
also provides certain benefits to former or inactive employees prior to
retirement. The following summarizes these plans:

                                      94
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


Pension Plans

  Substantially all of the U.S. employees of the Company and its U.S.
affiliates are covered by non-contributory pension plans that are qualified
under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Qualified Plans").
Unfunded supplementary plans (the "Supplemental Plans") cover certain
executives. In addition to the Qualified Plans and the Supplemental Plans
(collectively, the "U.S. Plans"), certain of the Company's international
subsidiaries also have pension plans covering substantially all of their
employees. These pension plans generally provide pension benefits that are
based on each employee's years of credited service and on compensation levels
specified in the plans. For the Qualified Plans and the other international
plans, the Company's policy is to fund at least the amounts sufficient to meet
minimum funding requirements under applicable employee benefit and tax
regulations. Liabilities for benefits payable under the Supplemental Plans are
accrued by the Company and are funded when paid to the beneficiaries.

  The following tables present information for the Company's pension plans on
an aggregate basis.

  Pension expense includes the following components:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Fiscal 2000 Fiscal 1999 Fiscal 1998
                                           ----------- ----------- -----------
                                                  (dollars in millions)
   <S>                                     <C>         <C>         <C>
   U.S. Plans:
     Service cost, benefits earned during
      the period..........................    $  74       $ 98        $ 72
     Interest cost on projected benefit
      obligation..........................       88         80          78
     Expected return on plan assets.......     (100)       (86)        (87)
     Net amortization.....................        6          8           1
     Net settlements and curtailments.....        2        --          --
                                              -----       ----        ----
   Total U.S. plans.......................       70        100          64
   Total international plans..............        4         16          11
                                              -----       ----        ----
   Net pension expense....................    $  74       $116        $ 75
                                              =====       ====        ====
</TABLE>

  The following table provides the assumptions used in determining the
Company's benefit obligation for the U.S. Plans:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        Fiscal 2000 Fiscal 1999
                                                        ----------- -----------
   <S>                                                  <C>         <C>
   Weighted average discount rate......................    8.00%       7.50%
   Rate of increase in future compensation levels......    5.00%       5.00%
   Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets....    9.00%       9.00%
</TABLE>

                                      95
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


  The following table provides a reconciliation of the changes in the U.S.
Plans' benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for fiscal 2000 and
fiscal 1999 as well as a summary of the U.S. Plans' funded status at November
30, 2000 and 1999:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Fiscal      Fiscal
                                                          2000        1999
                                                       ----------  ----------
                                                       (dollars in millions)
<S>                                                    <C>         <C>
Reconciliation of benefit obligation:
  Benefit obligation at beginning of year............. $    1,214  $    1,213
  Service cost........................................         74          98
  Interest cost.......................................         88          80
  Actuarial gain......................................        (48)        (77)
  Benefits paid.......................................        (84)       (100)
  Settlements.........................................        (10)        --
                                                       ----------  ----------
    Benefit obligation at end of year................. $    1,234  $    1,214
                                                       ==========  ==========

Reconciliation of fair value of plan assets:
  Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year...... $    1,154  $      981
  Actual return on plan assets........................        158         185
  Employer contributions..............................         50          88
  Benefits paid and settlements.......................        (94)       (100)
                                                       ----------  ----------
    Fair value of plan assets at end of year.......... $    1,268  $    1,154
                                                       ==========  ==========
Funded status:
  Funded status....................................... $       34  $      (60)
  Unrecognized transition obligation..................          2           5
  Unrecognized prior-service cost.....................         25          27
  Unrecognized (gain).................................       (153)        (44)
                                                       ----------  ----------
    Net amount recognized............................. $      (92) $      (72)
                                                       ==========  ==========

Amounts recognized in the consolidated statements of
 financial condition consist of:
  Prepaid benefit cost................................ $       53  $       44
  Accrued benefit liability...........................       (145)       (117)
  Intangible asset....................................        --            1
                                                       ----------  ----------
    Net amount recognized............................. $      (92) $      (72)
                                                       ==========  ==========
</TABLE>

  For the Supplemental Plans, the aggregate accumulated benefit obligation was
$91 million and $90 million at November 30, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

  The Company also maintains separate defined contribution pension plans that
cover substantially all employees of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries. Under such
plans, benefits are determined by the purchasing power of the accumulated
value of contributions paid. In fiscal 2000, fiscal 1999 and fiscal 1998, the
Company's expense related to these plans was $46 million, $27 million and $18
million, respectively.

Postretirement Benefits

  The Company has unfunded postretirement benefit plans that provide medical
and life insurance for eligible retirees, employees and dependents. At
November 30, 2000 and 1999, the Company's accrued postretirement benefit
liability was $106 million and $99 million, respectively.

                                      96
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


Postemployment Benefits

  Postemployment benefits include, but are not limited to, salary
continuation, supplemental unemployment benefits, severance benefits,
disability-related benefits, and continuation of health care and life
insurance coverage provided to former or inactive employees after employment
but before retirement. These benefits were not material to the Company's
consolidated financial statements in fiscal 2000, fiscal 1999 and fiscal 1998.

14. Income Taxes

  The provision for income taxes consists of:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Fiscal  Fiscal  Fiscal
                                                          2000    1999    1998
                                                         ------  ------  ------
                                                             (dollars in
                                                              millions)
   <S>                                                   <C>     <C>     <C>
   Current:
     U.S. federal....................................... $2,299  $1,868  $1,199
     U.S. state and local...............................    387     491     372
     Non-U.S............................................    603     738     476
                                                         ------  ------  ------
                                                          3,289   3,097   2,047
                                                         ------  ------  ------
   Deferred:
     U.S. federal.......................................   (140)     37     (26)
     U.S. state and local...............................    (44)    (11)      1
     Non-U.S............................................    (35)   (186)    (30)
                                                         ------  ------  ------
                                                           (219)   (160)    (55)
                                                         ------  ------  ------
   Provision for income taxes........................... $3,070  $2,937  $1,992
                                                         ======  ======  ======
</TABLE>

  The following table reconciles the provision to the U.S. federal statutory
income tax rate:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Fiscal Fiscal Fiscal
                                                            2000   1999   1998
                                                           ------ ------ ------
   <S>                                                     <C>    <C>    <C>
   U.S. federal statutory income tax rate................   35.0%  35.0%  35.0%
   U.S. state and local income taxes, net of U.S. federal
    income tax benefits..................................    2.5    3.6    4.6
   Lower tax rates applicable to non-U.S. earnings.......   (2.0)  (2.3)  (2.4)
   Other.................................................    0.5    1.7   (0.2)
                                                            ----   ----   ----
   Effective income tax rate.............................   36.0%  38.0%  37.0%
                                                            ====   ====   ====
</TABLE>

  As of November 30, 2000, the Company had approximately $4.3 billion of
earnings attributable to foreign subsidiaries for which no provisions have
been recorded for income tax that could occur upon repatriation. Except to the
extent such earnings can be repatriated tax efficiently, they are permanently
invested abroad. It is not practicable to determine the amount of income taxes
payable in the event all such foreign earnings are repatriated since such
liability, if any, is dependent on circumstances existing if and when
remittance occurs.

                                      97
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


  Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences
between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and
are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when
such differences are expected to reverse. Significant components of the
Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities at November 30, 2000 and 1999
are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Nov. 30,    Nov. 30,
                                                           2000        1999
                                                        ----------  ----------
                                                        (dollars in millions)
   <S>                                                  <C>         <C>
   Deferred tax assets:
     Employee compensation and benefit plans...........  $    2,078  $    1,486
     Loan loss allowance...............................         284         282
     Other valuation and liability allowances..........         690         405
     Deferred expenses.................................         138         163
     Other.............................................         270         303
                                                         ----------  ----------
       Total deferred tax assets.......................       3,460       2,639
                                                         ----------  ----------

   Deferred tax liabilities:
     Prepaid commissions...............................         360         217
     Other.............................................         369         194
                                                         ----------  ----------
       Total deferred tax liabilities..................         729         411
                                                         ----------  ----------
       Net deferred tax assets.........................  $    2,731  $    2,228
                                                         ==========  ==========
</TABLE>

  Cash paid for income taxes was $3,401 million, $1,736 million and $1,591
million in fiscal 2000, fiscal 1999 and fiscal 1998, respectively.

  The Company recorded income tax benefits of $467 million, $367 million and
$370 million related to employee stock compensation transactions in fiscal
2000, fiscal 1999 and fiscal 1998, respectively. Such benefits were credited
to paid-in capital.

15.  Segment and Geographic Information

  Pursuant to SFAS No. 131, "Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and
Related Information," which establishes standards for disclosures that relate
to business operating segments ("segments"), the Company structures its
segments primarily based upon the nature of the financial products and
services provided to customers and the Company's management organization. The
Company operates in three business segments: Securities, Asset Management and
Credit Services through which it provides a wide range of financial products
and services to its customers.

  The Company's Securities business includes securities underwriting and
distribution; merger, acquisition, restructuring, real estate, project finance
and other corporate finance advisory activities; full-service brokerage and
financial advisory services; sales, trading, financing and market-making in
equity and fixed income securities, foreign exchange and commodities, and
derivatives; and private equity and other principal investment activities. The
Company's Asset Management business provides global asset management products
and services to individual and institutional investors primarily through
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Advisors, Van Kampen Investments, Morgan Stanley
Dean Witter Investment Management and Miller Anderson & Sherrerd. The
Company's Credit Services business includes the issuance of the Discover Card,
the Discover Platinum Card, the Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Card and other
proprietary general purpose credit cards; and the operation of Discover
Business Services, a proprietary network of merchant and cash access locations
in the U.S.

                                      98
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


  Revenues and expenses directly associated with each respective segment are
included in determining their operating results. Other revenues and expenses
that are not directly attributable to a particular segment are allocated based
upon the Company's allocation methodologies, generally based on each segment's
respective revenues or other relevant measures. Selected financial information
for the Company's segments is presented in the table below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   Asset     Credit
Fiscal 2000                           Securities Management Services  Total
- -----------                           ---------- ---------- -------- --------
                                               (dollars in millions)
<S>                                   <C>        <C>        <C>      <C>
All other net revenues...............  $ 18,494    $2,455   $ 2,420  $ 23,369
Net interest.........................     1,486        71     1,501     3,058
                                       --------    ------   -------  --------
Net revenues.........................  $ 19,980    $2,526   $ 3,921  $ 26,427
                                       ========    ======   =======  ========
Gain on sale of business.............  $    --     $   35   $   --   $     35
                                       ========    ======   =======  ========
Income before taxes..................  $  6,237    $1,145   $ 1,144  $  8,526
Provision for income taxes...........     2,190       462       418     3,070
                                       --------    ------   -------  --------
Net income...........................  $  4,047    $  683   $   726  $  5,456
                                       ========    ======   =======  ========
Total assets(1)......................  $395,641    $4,812   $26,341  $426,794
                                       ========    ======   =======  ========

<CAPTION>
                                                   Asset     Credit
Fiscal 1999                           Securities Management Services  Total
- -----------                           ---------- ---------- -------- --------
                                               (dollars in millions)
<S>                                   <C>        <C>        <C>      <C>
All other net revenues...............  $ 15,364    $2,060   $ 2,157  $ 19,581
Net interest.........................       948        52     1,365     2,365
                                       --------    ------   -------  --------
Net revenues.........................  $ 16,312    $2,112   $ 3,522  $ 21,946
                                       ========    ======   =======  ========
Income before taxes..................  $  5,864    $  767   $ 1,097  $  7,728
Provision for income taxes...........     2,183       319       435     2,937
                                       --------    ------   -------  --------
Net income...........................  $  3,681    $  448   $   662  $  4,791
                                       ========    ======   =======  ========
Total assets(1)......................  $337,558    $4,259   $25,150  $366,967
                                       ========    ======   =======  ========

<CAPTION>
                                                   Asset     Credit
Fiscal 1998                           Securities Management Services  Total
- -----------                           ---------- ---------- -------- --------
                                               (dollars in millions)
<S>                                   <C>        <C>        <C>      <C>
All other net revenues...............  $ 10,400    $1,676   $ 1,407  $ 13,483
Net interest.........................     1,100        87     1,735     2,922
                                       --------    ------   -------  --------
Net revenues.........................  $ 11,500    $1,763   $ 3,142  $ 16,405
                                       ========    ======   =======  ========
Gain on sale of businesses...........  $    --     $  323   $   362  $    685
                                       ========    ======   =======  ========
Income before taxes and cumulative
 effect of accounting change.........  $  3,441    $  694   $ 1,250  $  5,385
Provision for income taxes...........     1,199       264       529     1,992
Cumulative effect of accounting
 change..............................       --       (117)      --       (117)
                                       --------    ------   -------  --------
Net income...........................  $  2,242    $  313   $   721  $  3,276
                                       ========    ======   =======  ========
Total assets(1)......................  $293,401    $4,003   $20,186  $317,590
                                       ========    ======   =======  ========
</TABLE>
- --------
(1) Corporate assets have been fully allocated to the Company's business
    segments.

                                      99
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


  The Company operates in both U.S. and non-U.S. markets. The Company's non-
U.S. business activities are principally conducted through European and Asian
locations. The following table presents selected income statement information
and the total assets of the Company's operations by geographic area. The
principal methodologies used in preparing the geographic area data are as
follows: commission revenues are recorded based on the location of the sales
force; trading revenues are principally recorded based on location of the
trader; investment banking revenues are based on location of the client; and
asset management and portfolio service fees are recorded based on the location
of the portfolio manager:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Fiscal 2000                U.S.    Europe   Asia    Other  Eliminations  Total
- -----------              -------- -------- ------- ------- ------------ --------
                                          (dollars in millions)
<S>                      <C>      <C>      <C>     <C>     <C>          <C>
Net revenues............ $ 19,843 $  5,054 $ 1,684 $   166  $    (320)  $ 26,427
Income before taxes.....    6,308    1,646     466     106        --       8,526
Total assets............  468,102  210,781  28,025  15,577   (295,691)   426,794

<CAPTION>
Fiscal 1999                U.S.    Europe   Asia    Other  Eliminations  Total
- -----------              -------- -------- ------- ------- ------------ --------
                                          (dollars in millions)
<S>                      <C>      <C>      <C>     <C>     <C>          <C>
Net revenues............ $ 17,101 $  3,848 $ 1,192 $   128  $    (323)  $ 21,946
Income before taxes.....    6,040    1,364     244      80        --       7,728
Total assets............  367,524  164,974  37,610  14,478   (217,619)   366,967

<CAPTION>
Fiscal 1998                U.S.    Europe   Asia    Other  Eliminations  Total
- -----------              -------- -------- ------- ------- ------------ --------
                                          (dollars in millions)
<S>                      <C>      <C>      <C>     <C>     <C>          <C>
Net revenues............ $ 12,768 $  2,867 $   973 $    95  $    (298)  $ 16,405
Income before taxes and
 cumulative effect of
 accounting change......    3,932    1,146     252      55        --       5,385
Total assets............  325,562  144,711  23,458   9,492   (185,633)   317,590
</TABLE>

16. Business Acquisitions and Dispositions

  In December 2000, the Company announced that it had entered into a
definitive agreement to acquire Quilter Holdings Limited ("Quilter"). Quilter
is a leading U.K.-based investment management business providing segregated
account management and advisory services to private individuals, pension funds
and trusts. The transaction is subject to certain regulatory and other
consents and is expected to be completed in the first quarter of fiscal 2001.

  In fiscal 2000, the Company completed its acquisition of Ansett Worldwide
Aviation Services ("Ansett Worldwide"). Ansett Worldwide is one of the world's
leading aircraft leasing groups, supplying new and used commercial jet
aircraft to airlines around the world. The Company's fiscal 2000 results
include the operations of Ansett Worldwide since April 27, 2000, the date of
acquisition.

  In fiscal 1999, the Company completed its acquisition of Morgan Stanley Dean
Witter, S.V., S.A. (formerly AB Asesores), the largest independent financial
services firm in Spain. Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, S.V., S.A. has leading
positions in personal investment, asset management, institutional research and
brokerage. Through its financial advisors, it offers its individual investors
proprietary mutual funds and other financial products. The Company's fiscal
1999 results include the operations of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, S.V., S.A.
since March 25, 1999, the date of acquisition.

  In fiscal 1998, the Company completed the sale of its Global Custody
business. At that time, the Company recorded a pre-tax gain of $323 million
from the sale. Such gain included estimates for certain payments and purchase
price adjustments which, under certain circumstances pursuant to the sales
agreement, were payable by the Company to the buyer. As a result of the
resolution of these payments and purchase price adjustments, during fiscal
2000, the Company recorded an additional pre-tax gain of $35 million related
to the sale of the Global Custody business.

                                      100
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)


  In fiscal 1998, the Company sold its interest in the operations of SPS
Transaction Services, Inc., a 73%-owned, publicly held subsidiary of the
Company. In addition, the Company sold certain credit card receivables
relating to its discontinued BRAVO Card. The Company's aggregate net pre-tax
gain resulting from these transactions was $362 million.

  In addition, during fiscal 1998, the Company sold its Prime OptionSM
MasterCard(R) portfolio ("Prime Option"), a business it had operated with
NationsBank of Delaware, N.A., and its Correspondent Clearing business. The
gains resulting from the sale of these businesses were not material to the
Company's results of operations or financial condition.

17. Quarterly Results (unaudited)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    2000 Fiscal Quarter                                 1999 Fiscal Quarter(2)
                   ------------------------------------------------------ ---------------------------------------------------
                       First        Second        Third        Fourth        First        Second       Third        Fourth
                   ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
                                             (dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
<S>                <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Total revenues...  $      11,566 $     11,692 $      11,711 $      10,444 $      8,658 $      8,779 $      8,626 $      8,927
Interest
 expense.........          3,932        4,420         5,242         4,582        3,142        3,015        3,184        3,174
Provision for
 consumer loan
 losses..........            223          204           175           208          177          119          113          120
                   ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
Net revenues.....          7,411        7,068         6,294         5,654        5,339        5,645        5,329        5,633
                   ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
Total non-
 interest
 expenses........          4,979        4,773         4,419         3,765        3,667        3,787        3,766        2,998
Gain on sale of
 business........            --           --             35           --           --           --           --           --
                   ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
Income before
 income taxes....          2,432        2,295         1,910         1,889        1,672        1,858        1,563        2,635
Provision for
 income taxes....            888          837           664           681          635          707          593        1,002
                   ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
Net income.......  $       1,544 $      1,458 $       1,246 $       1,208 $      1,037 $      1,151 $        970 $      1,633
                   ============= ============ ============= ============= ============ ============ ============ ============
Earnings per
 share(1)(3):
 Basic...........  $        1.40 $       1.32 $        1.14 $        1.10 $       0.93 $       1.03 $       0.87 $       1.50
 Diluted.........  $        1.34 $       1.26 $        1.09 $        1.06 $       0.88 $       0.98 $       0.83 $       1.42
Dividends to
 common
 shareholders(1).. $        0.20 $       0.20 $        0.20 $        0.20 $       0.12 $       0.12 $       0.12 $       0.12
Book value(1)....  $       15.31 $      15.66 $       16.19 $       16.91 $      12.47 $      13.00 $      13.27 $      14.85
Stock price
 range(1)(4).....  $ 59.97-71.38 $63.69-95.81 $75.25-107.58 $63.38-109.38 $31.16-48.50 $44.53-57.10 $41.07-51.78 $43.19-63.63
</TABLE>
- -------
(1) Fiscal 1999 amounts have been retroactively adjusted to give effect for a
    two-for-one common stock split, effected in the form of a 100% stock
    dividend, which became effective on January 26, 2000.

(2) Certain reclassifications have been made to previously reported 1999
    quarterly amounts.

(3) Summation of the quarters' earnings per common share may not equal the
    annual amounts due to the averaging effect of the number of shares and
    share equivalents throughout the year.

(4) Amounts represent the range of closing prices per share on the New York
    Stock Exchange for the periods indicated. The number of stockholders of
    record at November 30, 2000 approximated 130,000. The number of beneficial
    owners of common stock is believed to exceed this number.

                                      101
<PAGE>

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure

  None.

                                   PART III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

  The information relating to directors and nominees of MSDW is set forth
under the caption "Item 1--Election of Directors" in MSDW's Proxy Statement
for its 2001 Annual Meeting of Shareholders ("MSDW's Proxy Statement") and is
incorporated by reference herein. The information under the heading "Section
16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance" that appears in MSDW's Proxy
Statement is also incorporated by reference herein.

Item 11. Executive Compensation

  The information relating to executive compensation is set forth under the
captions "Director compensation," "Summary compensation table," "Option grants
in last fiscal year," "Aggregated option exercises in last fiscal year and
fiscal year-end option values," "Pension plans" and "Termination agreement" in
MSDW's Proxy Statement and such information is incorporated by reference
herein.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

  The information relating to security ownership of management and certain
beneficial owners is set forth under the captions "Stock ownership of
management" and "Principal shareholders" in MSDW's Proxy Statement and such
information is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

  The information regarding certain relationships and related transactions is
set forth under the caption "Certain transactions" in MSDW's Proxy Statement
and such information is incorporated by reference herein.

                                    PART IV

Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K

(a)Documents filed as part of this Report

  1. Financial Statements

    The financial statements required to be filed hereunder are listed on
  page S-1 hereof.

  2. Financial Statement Schedules

    The financial statement schedules required to be filed hereunder are
  listed on page S-1 hereof.

  3. Exhibits

    An exhibit index has been filed as part of this Report beginning on page
  E-1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

(b)Reports on Form 8-K

    A Current Report on Form 8-K, dated September 21, 2000, was filed with
  the SEC in connection with the announcement of MSDW's third fiscal quarter
  financial results.

    A Current Report on Form 8-K, dated October 11, 2000, was filed with the
  SEC in connection with activity in MSDW's high yield business.

                                      102
<PAGE>

                                  SIGNATURES

  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 16,
2001.

                                          Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co.
                                           (Registrant)

                                          By: /s/ Philip J. Purcell
                                              ------------------------------
                                                  (Philip J. Purcell)
                                             Chairman of the Board and Chief
                                                    Executive Officer

                               POWER OF ATTORNEY

  We, the undersigned directors and executive officers of Morgan Stanley Dean
Witter & Co., hereby severally constitute Donald G. Kempf, Jr., Robert G.
Scott and Ronald T. Carman, and each of them singly, our true and lawful
attorneys with full power to them and each of them to sign for us, and in our
names in the capacities indicated below, any and all amendments to the Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby
ratifying and confirming our signatures as they may be signed by our said
attorneys to any and all amendments to said Annual Report on Form 10-K.

  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 16th day of February, 2001.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 Signature                                     Title
                 ---------                                     -----
<S>                                         <C>
         /s/ Philip J. Purcell              Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
___________________________________________ Officer
            (Philip J. Purcell)

            /s/ John J. Mack                President, Chief Operating Officer and
___________________________________________ Director
              (John J. Mack)

           /s/ Robert G. Scott              Executive Vice President and Chief
___________________________________________ Financial Officer (Principal Financial
             (Robert G. Scott)              Officer)

            /s/ Joanne Pace                 Controller (Principal Accounting Officer)
___________________________________________
               (Joanne Pace)

           /s/ Robert P. Bauman             Director
___________________________________________
              (Robert P. Bauman)

           /s/ Edward A. Brennan            Director
___________________________________________
            (Edward A. Brennan)
</TABLE>

                                      103

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 Signature                                     Title
                 ---------                                     -----
<S>                                         <C>
           /s/ C. Robert Kidder                              Director
___________________________________________
             (C. Robert Kidder)

           /s/ Charles F. Knight                             Director
___________________________________________
            (Charles F. Knight)

            /s/ John W. Madigan                              Director
___________________________________________
             (John W. Madigan)

            /s/ Miles L. Marsh                               Director
___________________________________________
              (Miles L. Marsh)

           /s/ Michael A. Miles                              Director
___________________________________________
             (Michael A. Miles)

        /s/ Clarence B. Rogers, Jr.                          Director
___________________________________________
         (Clarence B. Rogers, Jr.)

         /s/ Laura D'Andrea Tyson                            Director
___________________________________________
</TABLE>   (Laura D'Andrea Tyson)



                                      104
<PAGE>

                        MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.

                       INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
                         FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
                        ITEMS (14)(a)(1) AND (14)(a)(2)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Page
Financial Statements                                                       ----
<S>                                                                        <C>
Report of Independent Auditors...........................................   61
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at November 30, 2000 and
 November 30, 1999.......................................................   62
Consolidated Statements of Income for Fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998.........   64
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for Fiscal 2000, 1999 and
 1998....................................................................   65
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998.....   66
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for Fiscal
 2000, 1999 and 1998.....................................................   67
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements...............................   68
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                 <C>
Financial Statement Schedules
Schedule I--Condensed Financial Information of Morgan Stanley Dean
 Witter & Co. (Parent Company Only) at November 30, 2000 and
 November 30, 1999 and for each of the Three Fiscal Years in the
 Period Ended November 30, 2000...................................   S-2--S-5
</TABLE>

                                      S-1
<PAGE>

                                                                      SCHEDULE I

                        MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.
                             (Parent Company Only)

                  Condensed Statements of Financial Condition
                    (dollars in millions, except share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      November 30, November 30,
                                                          2000         1999
                                                      ------------ ------------
<S>                                                   <C>          <C>
Assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents..........................   $ 2,604      $ 1,914
  Financial instruments owned........................       454        2,446
  Advances to subsidiaries...........................    72,912       50,121
  Investment in subsidiaries, at equity..............    20,040       17,129
  Other assets.......................................     2,987        2,139
                                                        -------      -------
    Total assets.....................................   $98,997      $73,749
                                                        =======      =======
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity:
  Short-term borrowings..............................   $20,720      $25,360
  Payables to subsidiaries...........................    20,206        6,044
  Other liabilities and accrued expenses.............     1,211          730
  Long-term borrowings...............................    37,589       24,601
                                                        -------      -------
                                                         79,726       56,735
                                                        -------      -------
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholders' equity:
  Preferred stock....................................       545          670
  Common stock(1) ($0.01 par value; 3,500,000,000
   shares authorized, 1,211,685,904 and 1,211,685,904
   shares issued, 1,107,270,331 and 1,104,630,098
   shares outstanding at November 30, 2000 and
   November 30, 1999, respectively)..................        12           12
  Paid-in capital(1).................................     3,377        3,836
  Retained earnings..................................    20,802       16,285
  Employee stock trust...............................     3,042        2,426
  Cumulative translation adjustments.................       (91)         (27)
                                                        -------      -------
    Subtotal.........................................    27,687       23,202
  Note receivable related to ESOP....................       (44)         (55)
  Common stock held in treasury, at cost (1) ($0.01
   par value, 104,415,573 and 107,055,806 shares at
   November 30, 2000 and November 30, 1999,
   respectively).....................................    (6,024)      (4,355)
  Common stock issued to employee trust..............    (2,348)      (1,778)
                                                        -------      -------
    Total shareholders' equity.......................    19,271       17,014
                                                        -------      -------
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity...........   $98,997      $73,749
                                                        =======      =======
</TABLE>
- --------
(1) Amounts have been retroactively adjusted to give effect for a two-for-one
    common stock split, effected in the form of a 100% stock dividend, which
    became effective on January 26, 2000.

                  See Notes to Condensed Financial Statements.

                                      S-2
<PAGE>

                                                                      SCHEDULE I

                        MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.
                             (Parent Company Only)

            Condensed Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income
                             (dollars in millions)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Fiscal 2000 Fiscal 1999 Fiscal 1998
                                            ----------- ----------- -----------
<S>                                         <C>         <C>         <C>
Revenues:
  Interest and dividends...................   $4,076      $2,585      $3,098
  Principal transactions...................       48          55          60
  Fiduciary fees...........................        2          16          16
  Other....................................        4           2         (1)
                                              ------      ------      ------
    Total revenues.........................    4,130       2,658       3,173
                                              ------      ------      ------

Expenses:
  Interest expense.........................    4,123       2,460       2,976
  Non-interest expenses....................        3          29           9
                                              ------      ------      ------
    Total expenses.........................    4,126       2,489       2,985
                                              ------      ------      ------
  Income before income tax (benefit) provi-
   sion and equity in earnings of subsidi-
   aries...................................        4         169         188
  Income tax (benefit) provision...........      (18)         63          70
                                              ------      ------      ------
  Income before equity in earnings of sub-
   sidiaries...............................       22         106         118
  Equity in earnings of subsidiaries, net
   of tax..................................    5,434       4,685       3,158
                                              ------      ------      ------
  Net income...............................   $5,456      $4,791      $3,276
                                              ======      ======      ======
  Other comprehensive income, net of tax:
    Foreign currency translation adjust-
     ment..................................      (64)        (15)        (3)
                                              ------      ------      ------
  Comprehensive income.....................   $5,392      $4,776      $3,273
                                              ======      ======      ======
  Net income...............................   $5,456      $4,791      $3,276
                                              ======      ======      ======
  Preferred stock dividend requirements....   $   36      $   44      $   55
                                              ======      ======      ======
  Earnings applicable to common shares.....   $5,420      $4,747      $3,221
                                              ======      ======      ======
</TABLE>



                  See Notes to Condensed Financial Statements.

                                      S-3
<PAGE>

                                                                      SCHEDULE I

                        MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.
                             (Parent Company Only)

                       Condensed Statements of Cash Flows
                             (dollars in millions)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Fiscal 2000 Fiscal 1999 Fiscal 1998
                                            ----------- ----------- -----------
<S>                                         <C>         <C>         <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net income...............................   $5,456      $4,791      $3,276
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to
   net cash provided by operating
   activities:
    Non-cash charges (credits) included in
     net income:
      Compensation payable in common or
       preferred stock.....................      908         735         408
      Equity in subsidiaries' earnings, net
       of dividends........................   (2,414)     (1,119)     (1,300)
    Change in assets and liabilities:
      Financial instruments owned..........    1,786      (2,126)        (37)
      Other assets.........................   (1,654)        242        (589)
      Other liabilities and accrued
       expenses............................      628         288        (175)
                                              ------      ------      ------
  Net cash provided by operating
   activities..............................    4,710       2,811       1,583
                                              ------      ------      ------
Cash flows from investing activities:
    Investments in and advances to
     subsidiaries, at equity...............   (9,127)     (8,193)      1,605
                                              ------      ------      ------
  Net cash (used for) provided by investing
   activities..............................   (9,127)     (8,193)      1,605
                                              ------      ------      ------
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Net (payments for) proceeds from short-
   term borrowings.........................   (4,640)      4,001       4,614
  Net proceeds from:
    Issuance of common stock...............      338         223         126
    Issuance of put options................       42           9         --
    Issuance of long-term borrowings.......   20,850       6,519       8,167
  Payments for:
    Repurchases of common stock............   (3,628)     (2,374)     (2,925)
    Repayments of long-term borrowings.....   (6,931)     (6,159)     (6,944)
    Redemption of cumulative preferred
     stock.................................      --          --         (200)
    Cash dividends.........................     (924)       (575)       (519)
                                              ------      ------      ------
  Net cash provided by financing
   activities..............................    5,107       1,644       2,319
                                              ------      ------      ------
  Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
   equivalents.............................      690      (3,738)      5,507
  Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning
   of period...............................    1,914       5,652         145
                                              ------      ------      ------
  Cash and cash equivalents, at end of
   period..................................   $2,604      $1,914      $5,652
                                              ======      ======      ======
</TABLE>

                  See Notes to Condensed Financial Statements.

                                      S-4
<PAGE>

                       MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO.
                             (Parent Company Only)

                    NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. Introduction and Basis of Presentation

 Basis of Financial Information

  The accompanying condensed financial statements (the "Parent Company
Financial Statements"), including the notes thereto, should be read in
conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of Morgan Stanley Dean
Witter & Co. (the "Company") and the notes thereto found on pages 62 to 101 of
the Company's Annual Report to Shareholders which is included in this Form 10-
K.

  The Parent Company Financial Statements for the 12 months ended November 30,
2000 ("fiscal 2000"), November 30, 1999 ("fiscal 1999") and November 30, 1998
("fiscal 1998") are prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the U.S., which require management to make estimates and
assumptions regarding certain trading inventory valuations, the potential
outcome of litigation and other matters that affect the Parent Company
Financial Statements and related disclosures. Management believes that the
estimates utilized in the preparation of the Parent Company Financial
Statements are prudent and reasonable. Actual results could differ materially
from these estimates.

  Certain reclassifications have been made to prior-year amounts to conform to
the current presentation. All material intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated.

 Stock Split

  On December 20, 1999, the Company declared a two-for-one common stock split,
effected in the form of a 100% stock dividend, payable to shareholders of
record on January 12, 2000 and distributable on January 26, 2000. All share
and shareholders' equity data have been retroactively restated to reflect this
split.

 Employee Stock Ownership Plan

  The Company has a $140 million leveraged employee stock ownership plan,
funded through an independently managed trust. The Employee Stock Ownership
Plan ("ESOP") was established to broaden internal ownership of the Company and
to provide benefits to its employees in a cost-effective manner.

  In January 2000, each share of the ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock was
converted into 6.6 common shares of the Company.

2. Transactions with Subsidiaries

  The Company has transactions with its subsidiaries determined on an agreed-
upon basis and has guaranteed certain unsecured lines of credit and
contractual obligations of certain of its subsidiaries.

  The Company received cash dividends from its consolidated subsidiaries
totaling $3,020 million, $3,566 million and $1,858 million in fiscal 2000,
1999 and 1998, respectively.

                                      S-5
<PAGE>

                         INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co.:

  We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Morgan Stanley Dean
Witter & Co. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of fiscal years ended
November 30, 2000 and 1999, and for each of the three fiscal years in the
period ended November 30, 2000, and have issued our report thereon dated
January 12, 2001; such consolidated financial statements and report are
included in your 2000 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our audits also included
Schedule I listed in the Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement
Schedules. These financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the
Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our
audits. In our opinion, based on our audits, the condensed financial statement
schedules of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co. (Parent Company Only), when
considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as
a whole, present fairly in all material respects the information set forth
herein.


/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

New York, New York
January 12, 2001

                                      S-6
<PAGE>

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    EXHIBITS

                                       TO

                                   FORM 10-K

                  For the fiscal year ended November 30, 2000
                          Commission File No. 1-11758

                        Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

  Certain of the following exhibits, as indicated parenthetically, were
previously filed as exhibits to registration statements filed by MSDW or its
predecessor companies under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or to
reports or registration statements filed by MSDW or its predecessor companies
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"),
respectively, and are hereby incorporated by reference to such statements or
reports. MSDW's Exchange Act file number is 1-11758. Prior to the Merger,
Morgan Stanley's Exchange Act file number was 1-9085.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 Exhibit
   No.                              Description
 -------                            -----------
 <C>     <S>                                                                <C>
  3.1*   Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MSDW, as
         amended to date.

  3.2    By-Laws of MSDW, as amended to date (Exhibit 3.4 to MSDW's
         Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28,
         1999).

  4.1    Rights Agreement dated as of April 25, 1995 between MSDW and
         Chemical Bank, as rights agent, which includes as Exhibit B
         thereto the Form of Rights Certificate (Exhibit 1 to MSDW's
         Registration Statement on Form 8-A dated April 25, 1995).

  4.2    Amendment dated as of February 4, 1997 to the Rights Agreement
         between MSDW and The Chase Manhattan Bank, as rights agent
         (Exhibit 4.1 to MSDW's Current Report on Form 8-K dated February
         4, 1997).

  4.3    Second Amendment dated as of June 15, 1999 to the Rights
         Agreement between MSDW and The Chase Manhattan Bank (as
         successor to Chemical Bank), as rights agent (Exhibit 4.1 to
         MSDW's Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 15, 1999).

  4.4    Indenture dated as of February 24, 1993 between MSDW and The
         First National Bank of Chicago, as trustee (Exhibit 4 to MSDW's
         Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 33-57202)).

  4.5    Amended and Restated Senior Indenture dated as of May 1, 1999
         between MSDW and The Chase Manhattan Bank, as trustee (Exhibit
         4-e to MSDW's Registration Statement on Form S-3/A (No. 333-
         75289)).

  4.6    Amended and Restated Subordinated Indenture dated as of May 1,
         1999 between MSDW and The First National Bank of Chicago, as
         trustee (Exhibit 4-f to MSDW's Registration Statement on Form S-
         3/A (No. 333-75289)).

  4.7    First Supplemental Senior Indenture dated as of September 15,
         2000 between MSDW and The Chase Manhattan Bank, as trustee
         (Exhibit 4-f to MSDW's Registration Statement on Form S-3/A (No.
         333-47576)).

  4.8    Instruments defining the Rights of Security Holders, Including
         Indentures--Except as set forth in Exhibits 4.1 through 4.7
         above, the instruments defining the rights of holders of long-
         term debt securities of MSDW and its subsidiaries are omitted
         pursuant to Section (b)(4)(iii) of Item 601 of Regulation S-K.
         MSDW hereby agrees to furnish copies of these instruments to the
         SEC upon request.

 10.1    Services Agreement by and between MSDW and International
         Business Machines Corporation, effective as of July 1, 1999
         (Exhibit 10.4 to MSDW's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
         quarter ended August 31, 1999; confidential treatment has been
         requested for portions of this exhibit).

 10.2    Pooling and Servicing Agreement dated as of October 1, 1993
         between Discover Bank (formerly Greenwood Trust Company), as
         master servicer, servicer and seller, and U.S. Bank National
         Association, as trustee (Exhibit 4.1 to the Discover Card Master
         Trust I Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-71502)).
</TABLE>

                                      E-1
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 Exhibit
   No.                              Description
 -------                            -----------

 <C>     <S>                                                                <C>
 10.3    First Amendment to Pooling and Servicing Agreement dated as of
         August 15, 1994 between Discover Bank, as master servicer,
         servicer and seller, and U.S. Bank National Association, as
         trustee (Exhibit 4.4 to the Discover Card Master Trust I Current
         Report on Form 8-K dated August 1, 1995).

 10.4    Second Amendment to Pooling and Servicing Agreement dated as of
         February 29, 1996 between Discover Bank, as master servicer,
         servicer and seller, and U.S. Bank National Association, as
         trustee (Exhibit 4.4 to the Discover Card Master Trust I Current
         Report on Form 8-K dated April 30, 1996).

 10.5    Third Amendment to Pooling and Servicing Agreement dated as of
         March 30, 1998 between Discover Bank, as master servicer,
         servicer and seller, and U.S. Bank National Association, as
         trustee (Exhibit 4.1(d) to the Discover Card Master Trust I
         Registration Statement on Form 8-A dated April 9, 1998).

 10.6    Fourth Amendment to Pooling and Servicing Agreement dated as of
         November 30, 1998 between Discover Bank, as master servicer,
         servicer and seller, and U.S. Bank National Association, as
         trustee (Exhibit 4.1 to the Discover Card Master Trust I Current
         Report on Form 8-K dated November 30, 1998).

 10.7    Amended and Restated Trust Agreement dated November 30, 2000
         between MSDW and State Street Bank and Trust Company (Exhibit T
         to Amendment No. 5 to the Schedule 13D dated November 30, 2000
         filed by certain senior officers of MSDW and hereby incorporated
         by reference).

 10.8    Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of MSDW Capital Trust I
         dated as of March 12, 1998 among MSDW, as depositor, The Bank of
         New York, as property trustee, The Bank of New York (Delaware),
         as Delaware trustee, and the administrators named therein
         (Exhibit 4.3 to MSDW's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
         quarter ended February 28, 1998).

 10.9+   Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. Supplemental Pension Plan (formerly
         known as the Dean Witter Reynolds Financial Services Inc.
         Supplemental Pension Plan for Executives) (amended and restated)
         (Exhibit 10.32 to MSDW's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
         fiscal year ended December 31, 1993).

 10.10+  Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (Exhibit 4.1 to MSDW's
         Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 33-63024)).

 10.11+  Employees Replacement Stock Plan (Exhibit 4.2 to MSDW's
         Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 33-63024)).

 10.12+  Amendment to Employees Replacement Stock Plan (Exhibit 10.1 to
         MSDW's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 18, 1993).

 10.13+  Dean Witter START Plan (Saving Today Affords Retirement
         Tomorrow) (amended and restated) (Exhibit 10.9 to MSDW's Annual
         Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
         1996).

 10.14+  Amendment to Dean Witter START Plan (Exhibit 10.11 to MSDW's
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November
         30, 1997).


 10.15+  Amendment to Dean Witter START Plan (Exhibit 10.2 to MSDW's
         Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31,
         1998).

 10.16+  Amendment to Dean Witter START Plan (Exhibit 10.3 to MSDW's
         Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31,
         1998).
</TABLE>

                                      E-2
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 Exhibit
   No.                              Description
 -------                            -----------

 <C>     <S>                                                                <C>
 10.17+  Amendment to Dean Witter START Plan (Exhibit 10.19 to MSDW's
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November
         30, 1998).

 10.18+  Amendments to Dean Witter START Plan (Exhibit 10.22 to MSDW's
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November
         30, 1999).

 10.19+* Amendment to Dean Witter START Plan.

 10.20+  1993 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors (Exhibit 4.3 to
         MSDW's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 33-63024)).

 10.21+  Amendment to 1993 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors (Exhibit
         10.37 to MSDW's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
         ended December 31, 1993).

 10.22+  Transferred Executives Pension Supplement (amended and restated)
         (Exhibit 10 to MSDW's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
         quarter ended September 30, 1995).

 10.23+  1994 Omnibus Equity Plan (Exhibit 10.52 to MSDW's Annual Report
         on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993).

 10.24+  Tax Deferred Equity Participation Plan (amended and restated)
         (Exhibit 10.3 to MSDW's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
         quarter ended August 31, 1999).

 10.25+  Directors' Equity Capital Accumulation Plan (Exhibit 10.19 to
         MSDW's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         November 30, 1997).

 10.26+  Employees Equity Accumulation Plan (Exhibit 10.34 to MSDW's
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
         31, 1996).

 10.27+  Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Exhibit 10.28 to MSDW's Annual
         Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30,
         1998).

 10.28+  Amendment to Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Exhibit 10.32 to
         MSDW's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         November 30, 1999).

 10.29+  Form of Agreement under the Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated
         Owners' and Select Earners' Plan (Exhibit 10.1 to Morgan
         Stanley's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         January 31, 1993).

 10.30+  Form of Agreement under the Officers' and Select Earners' Plan
         (Exhibit 10.2 to Morgan Stanley's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
         the fiscal year ended January 31, 1993).

 10.31+  Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated Excess Benefit Plan (Exhibit
         10.31 to MSDW's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
         ended November 30, 1998).

 10.32+* Amendment to Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated Excess Benefit
         Plan.

 10.33+  Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (Exhibit 10.32 to MSDW's
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November
         30, 1998).


 10.34+  Amendment to Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (Exhibit
         10.37 to MSDW's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
         ended November 30, 1999).
</TABLE>

                                      E-3
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 Exhibit
   No.                              Description
 -------                            -----------
 <C>     <S>                                                                <C>
 10.35+* Amendment to Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan.

 10.36+  Performance Unit Plan (amended and restated) (Exhibit 10.8 to
         Morgan Stanley's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
         ended January 31, 1993).

 10.37+  1988 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended (Exhibit
         10.12 to Morgan Stanley's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
         fiscal year ended January 31, 1993).

 10.38+  1995 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan (Annex A to Morgan
         Stanley's Proxy Statement for its 1996 Annual Meeting of
         Stockholders).

 10.39+* Amendment to 1995 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan.

 10.40+  1988 Capital Accumulation Plan, as amended (Exhibit 10.13 to
         Morgan Stanley's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
         ended January 31, 1993).

 10.41+  Form of Deferred Compensation Agreement under the Pre-Tax
         Incentive Program (Exhibit 10.12 to Morgan Stanley's Annual
         Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 1994).

 10.42+  Form of Deferred Compensation Agreement under the Pre-Tax
         Incentive Program 2 (Exhibit 10.12 to Morgan Stanley's Annual
         Report for the fiscal year ended November 30, 1996).

 10.43+* Key Employee Private Equity Recognition Plan.

 10.44+  DWR Branch Manager Compensation Plan (amended and restated)
         (Exhibit 10.1 to MSDW's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
         quarter ended February 29, 2000).

 10.45+  DWR Financial Advisor Productivity Compensation Plan (amended
         and restated) (Exhibit 10.2 to MSDW's Quarterly Report on Form
         10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 1999).

 10.46+  Change in Employment Status Agreement by and between MSDW and
         Peter F. Karches effective as of September 1, 2000 (Exhibit 10
         to MSDW's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
         August 31, 2000; confidential treatment has been requested for
         portions of this exhibit).

 11*     Statement Re: Computation of Earnings Per Common Share.

 12*     Statement Re: Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges
         and Computation of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock
         Dividends.

 21*     Subsidiaries of MSDW.

 23.1*   Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP.

 24      Powers of Attorney (included on signature page).

 99*     The following MSDW financial statements disclosed in Part II,
         Item 8 of this Report in XBRL format: Consolidated Statements of
         Financial Condition at November 30, 2000 and November 30, 1999;
         Consolidated Statements of Income for Fiscal 2000, 1999 and
         1998; and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Fiscal 2000,
         1999 and 1998 (Pilot Demonstration).
</TABLE>
- --------
* Filed herewith.

+ Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed
  as an exhibit to this Form 10-K pursuant to Item 14(c).


                                      E-4
<PAGE>





[LOGO] Printed on Recycled Paper

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
